
=== CONVERSATION 1 ===

M: What's all that?
    那都是些什么？
M: Are you going to make a salad?
    你要做沙拉吗？
W: No, I'm going to make a gazpacho.
    不，我要做西班牙冷菜汤。
M: What's that?
    那是什么？
W: Gazpacho is a cold soup from Spain.
    Gazpacho是一种来自西班牙的冷汤。
W: It’s mostly vegetables.
    它主要是由蔬菜制成的。
W: I guess you could call it a liquid salad.
    我想你可以称它为液体沙拉。
M: Cold soup?
    冷汤？
M: Sounds weird.
    听起来很怪。
W: It's delicious.
    它很好吃。
W: Trust me.
    相信我。
W: I tried it for the first time during my summer vacation in Spain.
    我是在西班牙暑假期间第一次尝试它的。
W: You see, in the south of Spain, it gets very hot in the summer, up to 40°C.
    你看，在西班牙南部，夏天变得非常热，高达40°C。
W: So a cold gazpacho is very refreshing.
    所以，一份冷的西班牙冷菜汤非常清爽。
W: The main ingredients are tomato, cucumber, bell peppers, olive oil and stale bread.
    主要原料是西红柿、黄瓜、灯笼椒、橄榄油和陈面包。
M: Stale bread?
    陈面包？
M: Surely you mean bread for dipping into the soup?
    你肯定是指蘸汤喝的面包吧？
W: No. Bread is crushed and blended in like everything else.
    不。面包被压碎并像其他东西一样混合在一起。
W: It adds texture and thickness to the soup.
    它增加了汤的质感和粘稠度。
M: Mm.
    嗯。
M: And is it healthy?
    它健康吗？
W: Sure.
    当然。
W: As I said earlier, it's mostly vegetables.
    正如我之前所说，它主要是蔬菜。
W: You can also add different things if you like, such as hard-boiled egg or cured ham.
    如果你喜欢，你也可以添加不同的东西，比如煮熟的鸡蛋或腌火腿。
M: Cured ham?
    腌火腿？
M: What’s that?
    那是什么？
W: That's another Spanish delicacy.
    那是另一种西班牙美味。
W: Have you never heard of it?
    你从未听说过它吗？
W: It is quite famous.
    它相当有名。
M: No, is it good too?
    不，它也好吃吗？
W: Oh, yeah, definitely.
    噢，是的，当然。
W: It’s amazing.
    它太棒了。
W: It’s a little dry and salty, and it's very expensive because it comes from a special type of pig that only eats a special type of food.
    它有点干而且咸，它非常昂贵，因为它来自一种只吃特殊食物的特殊品种的猪。
W: The ham is covered in salt to dry and preserve it, and left to hang for up to two years.
    火腿上涂满了盐以风干和保存，并悬挂长达两年。
W: It has a very distinct flavor.
    它有一种非常独特的风味。
M: Mm, sounds interesting.
    嗯，听起来很有趣。
M: Where can I find some?
    我在哪里可以找到一些？
W: It used to be difficult to get Spanish produce here.
    以前在这里很难买到西班牙农产品。
W: But it's now a lot more common.
    但现在它变得普遍多了。
W: Most large supermarket chains have cured ham in little packets.
    大多数大型连锁超市都有小包装的腌火腿。
W: But in Spain, you can buy a whole leg.
    但在西班牙，你可以买到一整条腿。
M: A whole pig leg?
    一整条猪腿？
M: Why would anybody want so much ham?
    为什么有人会想要这么多火腿？
W: In Spain, many people buy a whole leg for special group events, such as Christmas.
    在西班牙，许多人会为特殊的团体活动买一整条腿，比如圣诞节。
W: They cut it themselves into very thin slices with a long flat knife.
    他们用一把长的平刀亲手把它切成薄片。
Q1. What do we learn about gazpacho?
    关于西班牙冷菜汤，我们了解到了什么？
Q2. For what purpose is stale bread mixed into gazpacho?
    将陈面包混合进西班牙冷菜汤的目的是什么？
Q3. Why does the woman think gazpacho is healthy?
    为什么这位女士认为西班牙冷菜汤是健康的？
Q4. What does the woman say about cured ham?
    关于腌火腿，这位女士说了什么？

=== CONVERSATION 2 ===

M: Hello, I wish to buy a bottle of wine.
    你好，我想买一瓶酒。
W: Hi, yes.
    嗨，好的。
W: What kind of wine would you like?
    你想要哪种酒？
M: I don't know, sorry.
    我不知道，抱歉。
M: I don't know much about wine.
    我对酒不太了解。
W: That’s no problem at all.
    那完全没问题。
W: What’s the occasion and how much would you like to spend?
    是什么场合，你打算花多少钱？
M: It's for my boss.
    是送给我老板的。
M: It’s his birthday.
    是他的生日。
M: I know he likes wine, but I don't know what type.
    我知道他喜欢喝酒，但我不知道是哪种类型。
M: I also do not want anything too expensive, maybe mid-range.
    我也不想要太贵的东西，也许是中等价位的。
M: How much would you say is a mid-range bottle of wine approximately?
    大约多少钱算是中等价位的酒？
W: Well, it varies greatly.
    嗯，差别很大。
W: Our lowest prices are around $6 a bottle, but those are table wines.
    我们的最低价格大约是每瓶6美元，但那些是佐餐酒。
W: They are not very special.
    它们不是很特别。
W: And I would not suggest them as a gift.
    我不建议把它们当作礼物。
W: On the other end, our most expensive bottles are over $150.
    另一方面，我们最贵的酒超过150美元。
W: If you are looking for something priced in the middle, I would say anything between $30 and $60 would make a decent gift.
    如果你在寻找中等价位的，我会说30到60美元之间的任何一款都是一份体面的礼物。
W: How does that sound?
    你觉得怎么样？
M: Mm, yeah.
    嗯，是的。
M: I guess something in the vicinity of 30 or 40 would be good.
    我想30或40美元左右的东西会不错。
M: Which type would you recommend?
    你会推荐哪种类型？
W: I would say the safest option is always a red wine.
    我会说最保险的选择总是红葡萄酒。
W: They are generally more popular than whites, and can usually be paired with food more easily.
    它们通常比白葡萄酒更受欢迎，而且通常更容易与食物搭配。
W: Our specialty here are Italian wines, and these tend to be fruity with medium acidity.
    我们的特色是意大利葡萄酒，它们往往带有果香，酸度适中。
W: This one here is a Chianti, which is perhaps Italy's most famous type of red wine.
    这瓶是基安蒂（Chianti），也许是意大利最著名的红葡萄酒。
W: Alternatively, you may wish to try and surprise your boss with something less common, such as this Zinfandel.
    或者，你可能想用一些不太常见的东西给你的老板一个惊喜，比如这瓶仙粉黛（Zinfandel）。
W: The grapes are originally native to Croatia but this winery is in eastern Italy and it has a more spicy and peppery flavor.
    这种葡萄最初原产于克罗地亚，但这家酿酒厂位于意大利东部，它有一种更辛辣、更有胡椒味的风味。
W: So to summarize, the Chianti is more classical and the Zinfandel more exciting.
    总的来说，基安蒂更经典，而仙粉黛更令人兴奋。
W: Both are similarly priced at just under $40.
    两者的价格差不多，都在40美元以下。
M: I will go with Chianti then.
    那我就选基安蒂吧。
M: Thanks.
    谢谢。
Q5. What does the woman think of table wines?
    这位女士对佐餐酒有什么看法？
Q6. What is the price range of wine the man will consider?
    这位男子会考虑什么价格范围的酒？
Q7. Why does the woman recommend red wines?
    为什么这位女士推荐红葡萄酒？
Q8. What do we learn about the wine the man finally bought?
    关于这位男子最终买的酒，我们了解到了什么？

=== PASSAGE 1 ===

Many people enjoy secret codes.
    许多人喜欢秘密代码。
The harder the code, the more some people will try to figure it out.
    代码越难，有些人就越想把它解开。
In wartime, codes are especially important.
    在战争时期，代码尤为重要。
They help armies send news about battles and the sizes of enemy forces.
    它们帮助军队发送关于战斗和敌军规模的消息。
Neither side wants its codes broken by the other.
    双方都不希望自己的代码被对方破解。
One very important code was never broken.
    有一个非常重要的代码从未被破解过。
It was used during World War II by the Americans.
    它是二战期间由美国人使用的。
It was a spoken code, never written down, and it was developed and used by Navajo Indians.
    这是一种口头代码，从未被写下来，是由纳瓦霍印第安人开发和使用的。
They were called "the Navajo code talkers".
    他们被称为“纳瓦霍密码员”。
The Navajos created the code in their own language.
    纳瓦霍人用他们自己的语言创造了这种代码。
Navajo is hard to learn.
    纳瓦霍语很难学。
Only a few people know it.
    只有少数人懂它。
So it was pretty certain that the enemy would not be able to understand the code talkers.
    所以可以肯定，敌人将无法理解这些密码员。
In addition, the talkers used code words.
    此外，密码员使用了代码词。
They called a submarine an iron fish and a small bomb thrown by hand a potato.
    他们把潜艇称为“铁鱼”，把手投的小炸弹称为“土豆”。
If they wanted to spell something, they used code words for letters of the alphabet.
    如果他们想拼写什么，他们会使用字母表中字母的代码词。
For instance, the letter A was ant or apple or ax.
    例如，字母A是蚂蚁（ant）、苹果（apple）或斧头（ax）。
The code talkers worked mostly in the islands in the Pacific.
    密码员主要在太平洋的岛屿上工作。
One or two would be assigned to a group of soldiers.
    一两个密码员会被分配到一组士兵中。
They would send messages by field telephone to the code talker in the next group.
    他们会通过野战电话向下一组的密码员发送消息。
And he would relay the information to his commander.
    然后他会把信息转达给他的指挥官。
The code talkers played an important part in several battles.
    密码员在几次战斗中发挥了重要作用。
They helped troops coordinate their movements and attacks.
    他们帮助部队协调行动和进攻。
After the war, the US government honored them for what they had accomplished.
    战后，美国政府表彰了他们所取得的成就。
Theirs was the most successful wartime code ever used.
    他们的代码是曾使用过的最成功的战争代码。
Q9. What does the speaker say many people enjoy doing?
    说话者说许多人喜欢做什么？
Q10. What do we learn about Navajo code talkers?
    关于纳瓦霍密码员，我们了解到了什么？
Q11. What is the speaker mainly talking about?
    说话者主要在谈论什么？

=== PASSAGE 2 ===

If you are young and thinking about your career, you want to know where you can make a living.
    如果你年轻并且正在考虑你的职业生涯，你想知道在哪里可以维持生计。
Well, there's going to be a technological replacement of a lot of knowledge-intensive jobs in the next twenty years, particularly in the two largest sectors of the labor force with professional skills.
    嗯，在未来二十年里，许多知识密集型工作将被技术取代，特别是在拥有专业技能的劳动力中最大的两个部门。
One is teaching, and the other, healthcare.
    一个是教学，另一个是医疗保健。
You have so many applications and software and platforms that are going to come in and provide information and service in these two fields, which means a lot of healthcare and education sectors will be radically changed and a lot of jobs will be lost.
    你有很多应用程序、软件和平台将进入并在两个领域提供信息和服务，这意味着许多医疗保健和教育部门将发生根本性的变化，许多工作岗位将会流失。
Now, where will the new jobs be found?
    现在，在哪里可以找到新的工作？
Well, the one sector of the economy that can't be easily duplicated by even smart technologies is the caring sector, the personal care sector.
    嗯，即使是智能技术也无法轻易复制的经济部门是关怀部门，即个人护理部门。
That is, you can't really get a robot to do a great massage or physical therapy.
    也就是说，你不能真的让机器人做一次很棒的按摩或物理治疗。
Or you can't get the kind of personal attention you need with regard to therapy or any other personal service.
    或者，你无法在治疗或任何其他个人服务方面获得所需的个人关注。
There could be very high-end personal services.
    可能会有非常高端的个人服务。
Therapists do charge a lot of money.
    治疗师确实收取很多钱。
I think there's no limit to the amount of personal attention and personal care people would like if they could afford it.
    我认为，如果人们负担得起，他们对个人关注和个人护理的需求是没有限制的。
But the real question in the future is how come people afford these things if they don't have money, because they can't get a job that pays enough.
    但未来的真正问题是，如果人们没有钱，他们怎么负担得起这些东西，因为他们找不到报酬足够高的工作。
That's why I wrote this book, which is about how to reorganize the economy for the future when technology brings about destructive changes to what we used to consider high-income work.
    这就是我写这本书的原因，它是关于当技术对我们以前认为的高收入工作带来破坏性变化时，如何为未来重新组织经济。
Q12. What does the speaker say will happen in the next twenty years?
    说话者说未来二十年将会发生什么？
Q13. Where will young people have more chances to find jobs?
    年轻人将在哪里有更多机会找到工作？
Q14. What does the speaker say about therapists?
    说话者关于治疗师说了什么？
Q15. What is the speaker’s book about?
    说话者的书是关于什么的？

=== RECORDING 1 ===

American researchers have discovered the world's oldest paved road, a 4,600-year-old highway.
    美国研究人员发现了世界上最古老的铺面道路，一条有着4600年历史的公路。
It linked a stone pit in the Egyptian desert to waterways that carried blocks to monument sites along the Nile.
    它将埃及沙漠中的一个石矿场连接到运送石块到尼罗河沿岸纪念碑遗址的水路。
The eight-mile road is at least 500 years older than any previously discovered road.
    这条8英里长的道路比之前发现的任何道路至少早500年。
It is the only paved road discovered in ancient Egypt, said geologist Thomas Bown of the United States Geological Survey.
    美国地质调查局的地质学家托马斯·鲍恩说，这是在古埃及发现的唯一一条铺面道路。
He reported the discovery on Friday.
    他在周五报告了这一发现。
"The road probably doesn't rank with the pyramids as a construction feat, but it is a major engineering achievement," said his colleague, geologist James Harrell of the University of Toledo.
    他的同事、托莱多大学的地质学家詹姆斯·哈雷尔说：“这条路在建筑壮举上可能无法与金字塔相提并论，但它是一项重大的工程成就。”
"Not only is the road earlier than we thought possible, we didn't even think they built roads."
    “这条路不仅比我们认为可能的还要早，我们甚至根本没想过他们会修路。”
The researchers also made a discovery in the stone pit at the northern end of the road: the first evidence that the Egyptians used rock saws.
    研究人员还在道路北端的石矿场有了一个发现：古埃及人使用岩锯的第一个证据。
"This is the oldest example of saws being used for cutting stone," said Bown’s colleague James Hoffmeier of Wheaton College in Illinois.
    鲍恩在伊利诺伊州惠顿学院的同事詹姆斯·霍夫迈尔说：“这是使用锯子切割石头的最古老例子。”
"That's two technologies we didn't know they had," Harrell said.
    哈雷尔说：“那是两种我们不知道他们拥有的技术。”
"And we don't know why they were both abandoned."
    “我们也不知道为什么它们都被废弃了。”
The road was discovered in the Faiyum Depression, about 45 miles southwest of Cairo.
    这条路是在开罗西南约45英里的法尤姆低地发现的。
Short segments of the road had been observed by earlier explorers, Bown said, but they failed to realize its significance or follow up on their observations.
    鲍恩说，早期的探险家曾观察到这条路的一小段，但他们未能意识到它的重要性，也没有对他们的观察进行后续研究。
Bown and his colleagues stumbled across it while they were doing geological mapping in the region.
    鲍恩和他的同事在该地区进行地质测绘时偶然发现了它。
The road was clearly built to provide services for the newly discovered stone pit.
    这条路显然是为了给新发现的石矿场提供服务而建造的。
Bown and Harrell have found the camp that housed workers at the stone pit.
    鲍恩和哈雷尔已经找到了安置石矿场工人的营地。
The road appears today to go nowhere, ending in the middle of the desert.
    这条路今天看起来似乎通向虚无，终点在沙漠中央。
When it was built, its terminal was a dock on the shore of Lake Moeris, which had an elevation of about 66 feet above sea level, the same as the dock.
    当它建成时，它的终点是莫里斯湖岸边的一个码头，该湖的海拔高度约为66英尺，与码头相同。
Lake Moeris received its water from the annual floods of the Nile.
    莫里斯湖的水源来自尼罗河的年度洪水。
At the time of the floods, the river and lake were at the same level and connected through a gap in the hills near the modern villages of el-Lahun and Hawara.
    在洪水发生时，河流和湖泊处于同一水平面，并通过现代村庄el-Lahun和Hawara附近山丘上的缺口相连。
Harrell and Bown believe that blocks were loaded onto barges during the dry season, then floated over to the Nile during the floods to be shipped off to the monument sites at Giza and Saqqara.
    哈雷尔和鲍恩认为，石块在旱季被装载到驳船上，然后在洪水期间漂浮到尼罗河，运往吉萨和萨卡拉的纪念碑遗址。
Q16. What do we learn from the lecture about the world’s oldest paved road in Egypt?
    从讲座中我们了解到了关于埃及世界上最古老的铺面道路的什么？
Q17. What did the researchers discover in the stone pit?
    研究人员在石矿场发现了什么？
Q18. For what purpose was the paved road built?
    这条铺面道路是出于什么目的建造的？

=== RECORDING 2 ===

The thin, extremely sharp needles didn’t hurt at all going in.
    那些细长、极其锋利的针扎进去时一点也不疼。
Dr. Gong pierced them into my left arm, around the elbow that had been bothering me.
    龚医生把它们扎进我的左臂，就在那个一直困扰我的肘部周围。
Other needles were slipped into my left wrist and, strangely, into my right arm, and then into both my closed eyelids.
    其他的针插进了我的左手腕，奇怪的是，还插进了我的右臂，然后插进了我闭上的双眼睑。
There wasn’t any discomfort, just a mild warming sensation.
    没有任何不适，只是有一种轻微的发热感。
However, I did begin to wonder what had driven me here, to the office of Dr. James Gong, in New York’s Chinatown.
    然而，我确实开始好奇是什么驱使我来到纽约唐人街詹姆斯·龚医生的诊所。
Then I remembered—the torturing pain in that left elbow.
    然后我记起来了——左肘那折磨人的疼痛。
Several trips to a hospital and two expensive, uncomfortable medical tests had failed to produce even a diagnosis.
    几次去医院以及两次昂贵、不舒服的医学检查，甚至都没能得出一个诊断结果。
"Maybe you lean on your left arm too much," the doctor concluded, suggesting I see a bone doctor.
    “也许你太倚重左臂了，”医生总结道，建议我去看骨科医生。
During the hours spent waiting in vain to see a bone doctor, I decided to take another track and try acupuncture.
    在白白等待看骨科医生的几个小时里，我决定尝试另一种途径，试试针灸。
A Chinese-American friend recommended Dr. Gong.
    一位华裔美国朋友推荐了龚医生。
I took the subway to Gong’s second-floor office, marked with a hand-painted sign.
    我乘地铁来到龚医生位于二楼的诊所，那里标有一个手绘的招牌。
Dr. Gong speaks English, but not often.
    龚医生会说英语，但不常说。
Most of my questions to him were greeted with a friendly laugh, but I managed to let him know where my arm hurt.
    我对他的大多数提问都得到了友好的笑声，但我还是设法让他知道了我的手臂哪里疼。
He asked me to go into a room, had me lie down on a bed, and went to work.
    他让我进一个房间，让我躺在床上，然后就开始工作了。
In the next room, I learned, a woman dancer was also getting a treatment.
    我了解到，在隔壁房间，一位女舞者也在接受治疗。
As I lay there a while, I drifted into a dream-like state and fantasized about what she looked like.
    当我躺在那里一会儿，我进入了一种梦境般的状态，幻想她长什么样。
Acupuncturists today are as likely to be found on Park Avenue as on Mott Street.
    如今，在公园大道（Park Avenue）和莫特街（Mott Street）都能找到针灸师。
In all, there are an estimated 10,000 acupuncturists in the country.
    据估计，全国共有1万名针灸师。
Nowadays, a lot of M.D.s have learned acupuncture techniques; so have a number of dentists.
    现如今，许多医学博士已经学习了针灸技术；许多牙医也是如此。
Reason?
    原因？
Patient demand.
    患者的需求。
Few, though, can adequately explain how acupuncture works.
    然而，很少有人能充分解释针灸是如何起作用的。
Acupuncturists may say that the body has more than 800 acupuncture points.
    针灸师可能会说人体有800多个穴位。
A life force called qi circulates through the body.
    一种被称为“气”的生命力量在体内循环。
Points on the skin are energetically connected to specific organs, body structures and systems.
    皮肤上的穴位与特定的器官、身体结构和系统在能量上相连。
Acupuncture points are stimulated to balance the circulation of qi.
    刺激穴位是为了平衡气的循环。
The truth is, though acupuncture is at least 2,200 years old, "nobody really knows what’s happening," says Paul Zmiewski, a Ph.
    事实是，虽然针灸至少有2200年的历史，“没人真正知道发生了什么，”保罗·兹米夫斯基说，他是一位哲学博士。
D.
    博士
in Chinese studies who practices acupuncture in Philadelphia.
    他在费城从事针灸实践，研究中国学。
After five treatments, there has been dramatic improvement in my arm, and the pain is a fraction of what it was.
    经过五次治疗后，我的手臂有了显著的改善，疼痛只是以前的一小部分。
The mainly silent Dr. Gong finally even offered a diagnosis for what troubled me.
    一向沉默寡言的龚医生最后甚至对我的困扰给出了诊断。
"Pinched nerve," he said.
    “神经受压，”他说。
Q19. What does the speaker find especially strange?
    说话者觉得尤其奇怪的是什么？
Q20. Why did the speaker go see Dr. Gong?
    为什么说话者去看了龚医生？
Q21. What accounts for the growing popularity of acupuncture in the United States, according to the speaker?
    根据说话者的说法，是什么导致了针灸在美国越来越受欢迎？

=== RECORDING 3 ===

Ronald and Lois, married for two decades, considered themselves a happy couple.
    罗纳德和洛伊丝结婚二十年了，他们认为自己是一对幸福的夫妇。
But in the early years of their marriage, both were disturbed by persistent arguments that seemed to fade away without ever being truly resolved.
    但在他们结婚的早些年，两人都受到持久争吵的困扰，这些争吵似乎渐渐平息，却从未得到真正的解决。
They uncovered clues to what was going wrong by researching a fascinating subject: how birth order affects not only your personality but also how compatible you are with your mate.
    他们通过研究一个迷人的主题，发现了哪里出了问题的线索：出生顺序不仅如何影响你的个性，还影响你与伴侣的兼容性。
Ronald and Lois are only children, and "onlies" grow up accustomed to being the apple of their parents’ eyes.
    罗纳德和洛伊丝都是独生子，“独生子”在成长过程中习惯于成为父母的掌上明珠。
Match two "onlies", and you have partners who subconsciously expect each other to continue fulfilling this expectation, while neither has much experience in the giving end.
    把两个“独生子”配在一起，你就有了潜意识里期望对方继续满足这种期望的伴侣，而双方在付出方面都没有多少经验。
Here's a list of common birth-order characteristics and some thoughts on the best and worst marital matches for each.
    这里列出了一些常见的出生顺序特征，以及关于每种特征最佳和最差婚姻匹配的一些想法。
The oldest tends to be self-assured, responsible, a high achiever, and relatively serious and reserved.
    家里的老大往往自信、负责、成就高，而且相对严肃和内向。
He may be slow to make friends, perhaps content with only one companion.
    他可能交友缓慢，也许只满足于一个同伴。
The best matches are with a youngest, an only, or a mate raised in a large family.
    最佳匹配是与最小的孩子、独生子或在大家庭中长大的伴侣。
The worst match is with another oldest, since the two will be too sovereign to share a household comfortably.
    最差的匹配是与另一个老大，因为两人都会太强势，无法舒适地共处一个屋檐下。
The youngest child of the family thrives on attention and tends to be outgoing, adventurous, optimistic, creative and less ambitious than others in the family.
    家里最小的孩子渴望关注，往往外向、爱冒险、乐观、有创意，且不像家里其他人那样有野心。
He may lack self-discipline and have difficulty making decisions on his own.
    他可能缺乏自律，难以独立做出决定。
A youngest brother of brothers, often unpredictable and romantic, will match best with an oldest sister of brothers.
    在兄弟中排行最小的弟弟，通常难以捉摸且浪漫，与在兄弟中排行老大的姐姐最匹配。
The youngest sister of brothers is best matched with an oldest brother of sisters who will happily indulge these traits.
    在兄弟中排行最小的妹妹，与在姐妹中排行老大的哥哥最匹配，后者会乐于迁就这些特质。
The middle child is influenced by many variables; however, "middles" are less likely to take initiative and more anxious and self-critical than others.
    中间的孩子受许多变量的影响；然而，“中间的孩子”不太可能采取主动，并且比其他人更焦虑和自我批评。
"Middles" often successfully marry other "middles", since both are strong on tact, not so strong on aggressiveness, and tend to crave affection.
    “中间的孩子”经常成功地与其他“中间的孩子”结婚，因为两人在处事技巧上都很强，在侵略性上不那么强，并且往往渴望得到关爱。
The only child is often most comfortable when alone.
    独生子在独自一人时通常最舒服。
But since an "only" tends to be a well-adjusted individual, she’ll eventually learn to relate to any chosen spouse.
    但由于“独生子”往往是一个适应能力很强的人，她最终会学会与任何选择的配偶相处。
The male only child expects his wife to make life easier without getting much in return.
    男性独生子希望妻子能让生活变得更轻松，而自己却不怎么付出。
He is sometimes best matched with a younger sister of brothers.
    他有时与在兄弟中排行较小的妹妹最匹配。
The female only child, who tends to be slightly more flexible, is well matched with an older man who will indulge her tendency to test his love.
    女性独生子往往稍微灵活一些，与一位能迁就她考验爱情倾向的年长男性很匹配。
Her worst match?
    她最差的匹配？
Another only, of course.
    当然是另一个独生子。
Q22. What does the speaker say about Ronald and Lois’s early years of married life?
    说话者关于罗纳德和洛伊丝早年的婚姻生活说了什么？
Q23. What do we learn about Ronald and Lois?
    我们了解到了关于罗纳德和洛伊丝的什么？
Q24. What does the speaker say about the oldest child in a family?
    说话者关于家里的老大说了什么？
Q25. What does the speaker say about the only children?
    说话者关于独生子说了什么？
