
=== CONVERSATION 1 ===

M: Hi Lily, how's the new apartment?
    嗨，莉莉，新公寓怎么样？
W: It's okay.
    还行吧。
M: What?
    怎么了？
M: How can it be just okay when last week you were thrilled about the place and kept posting photos of it online?
    上周你还对那地方兴奋不已，不停地往网上发照片，怎么现在就变成“还行”了？
W: Well, last week when I moved in, the apartment seemed cozy, just the right size for one person.
    嗯，上周刚搬进去时，公寓看起来很温馨，大小正适合一个人住。
W: But now it just seems tiny, shabby and solitary.
    但现在它看起来又小又破，还很冷清。
M: Ah that's the problem.
    啊，那是问题的关键。
M: You miss your roommates from university, don't you?
    你是想念大学时的室友了吧，对吗？
W: I'm going to sound like an idiot because I used to complain to you all the time about how crowded our dormitory room was, and about all the things they did to irritate me, like watching movies late at night without headphones, or talking loudly early in the morning.
    我听起来肯定像个白痴，因为我以前总是向你抱怨我们的宿舍有多挤，抱怨她们做的所有烦人的事，比如深夜看电影不带耳机，或者清晨大声说话。
W: But now I miss them terribly.
    但现在我特别想念她们。
M: Of course you do.
    那是当然。
M: That's perfectly normal.
    这完全正常。
M: When I got my first place, I remember thinking I couldn't wait to live by myself and get away from my juvenile roommates and all their annoying habits.
    我刚有自己的住处时，记得我当时想，我等不及要一个人住了，远离那些幼稚的室友和他们所有的恼人习惯。
M: But then I began missing them and feeling lonely and thinking that our dormitory was like paradise.
    但后来我开始想念他们，感到孤独，觉得我们的宿舍就像天堂一样。
M: Even though there were six of us guys in one small room.
    尽管我们六个大男人挤在一间小房间里。
W: I thought it was just me who felt like that.
    我以为只有我有这种感觉。
M: Look, you lived at home with us.
    看，你以前和我们住在一起。
M: And then you had three roommates.
    后来你有了三个室友。
M: And this is your first time living alone.
    而这是你第一次独自生活。
M: So it's hard.
    所以这很艰难。
M: But your first apartment is a milestone in your life.
    但你的第一套公寓是你人生的一个里程碑。
M: And you should celebrate it.
    你应该庆祝一下。
M: Tell me about the apartment.
    跟我说说那套公寓吧。
W: Actually, it's not bad.
    其实，它还不赖。
W: In fact, it's pretty adorable.
    事实上，它相当可爱。
W: Now that I have decorated it and it has everything I need.
    现在我已经把它装饰好了，我需要的东西一应俱全。
W: I have a kitchen to cook in, the bathroom all to myself.
    我有厨房可以做饭，浴室也完全归我一个人用。
W: And then another room with my bed at one end and the sofa, a small table and chairs at the other end.
    还有另一间房，一头放着我的床，另一头放着沙发、一张小桌子和几把椅子。
M: That does sound adorable, and I can't wait to see it.
    听起来确实很可爱，我都等不及想去看看了。
M: And neither can mom and dad.
    爸爸妈妈也一样。
Q1. What was the woman's first impression of the apartment?
    这位女士对公寓的第一印象是什么？
Q2. Why does the woman say she's going to sound like an idiot?
    为什么这位女士说她听起来会像个白痴？
Q3. What do we learn about the man when he left the dormitory to live on his own?
    关于这位男士离开宿舍独自生活时的情况，我们了解到了什么？
Q4. What is the man say he can't wait to do?
    男士说他等不及要做什么？

=== CONVERSATION 2 ===

W: Welcome to our program book talk.
    欢迎收看我们的《读书访谈》节目。
W: Our guest today is Frank Jones, a critic of our education system and the author of new book, How to reform our universities.
    我们今天的嘉宾是弗兰克·琼斯，他是我们教育系统的批评者，也是新书《如何改革我们的大学》的作者。
M: Hello, Susan.
    你好，苏珊。
W: Frank, you support radically changing universities in America.
    弗兰克，你支持从根本上改变美国的大学。
W: Yes.
    是的。
M: I believe that the purpose of higher education is to prepare young people to enter the workforce and that our current system fails to do this.
    我认为高等教育的目的是让年轻人为进入职场做好准备，而我们目前的系统未能做到这一点。
M: We're allocating too many resources to disciplines that don't match the needs of employers.
    我们将过多的资源分配给了与雇主需求不匹配的学科。
W: I think your attitude to education is a bit cynical Frank.
    弗兰克，我觉得你对教育的态度有点愤世嫉俗。
W: Surely the purpose of university is to prepare young people to participate fully in civic life rather than just to find well paid jobs.
    大学的目的肯定是让年轻人为充分参与公民生活做好准备，而不仅仅是为了找一份高薪工作。
M: Susan, many young graduates struggle to find any job let alone a good one.
    苏珊，许多年轻毕业生连找一份工作都很困难，更不用说好工作了。
M: The job market is grim.
    就业市场非常严峻。
M: Particularly for students who study the arts.
    特别是对于学习艺术的学生来说。
W: I agree that it isn't easy for young people to find work, but you propose closing down all departments that aren't directly related to science and technology.
    我同意年轻人找工作不容易，但你建议关闭所有与科学技术不直接相关的系部。
W: Is that really the solution?
    这真的是解决方案吗？
M: You're overstating my point.
    你夸大我的观点了。
M: My argument is that we need to use more of our budget on areas like science and engineering.
    我的观点是，我们需要在科学和工程等领域投入更多的预算。
M: To do that, we need to take money from subjects like literature and music.
    为了做到这一点，我们需要从文学和音乐等学科中削减资金。
W: But the arts have value.
    但艺术是有价值的。
W: They're an important part of our culture.
    它们是我们文化的重要组成部分。
W: Studying literature or music or sculpture might not result in a job in that area.
    学习文学、音乐或雕塑可能不会在这些领域找到工作。
W: But it helps young people to think about the world in a deeper way, which makes them better citizens and makes for a better society.
    但它能帮助年轻人更深层地思考世界，这使他们成为更好的公民，也有利于建设更好的社会。
M: I agree that the arts are valuable to society, but it's naive to think that not only the most talented, but all students should study them at university level.
    我同意艺术对社会很有价值，但认为不仅仅是最有才华的学生，而是所有学生都应该在大学阶段学习艺术，这种想法太天真了。
M: The odds are very competitive, and most graduates will end up with a great deal of debt, obtaining a degree that has little value on the job market.
    竞争非常激烈，大多数毕业生最终会背负巨额债务，却获得一个在就业市场上几乎没有价值的学位。
Q5. What do we learn from the conversation about the man?
    关于这位男士，我们从对话中了解到了什么？
Q6. What does the man believe is the problem with the current American System of Higher Education?
    这位男士认为当前美国高等教育系统的问题是什么？
Q7. How should the education budget be allocated according to the man?
    根据这位男士的说法，教育预算应该如何分配？
Q8. What does the woman say the arts can do?
    这位女士说艺术能起到什么作用？

=== PASSAGE 1 ===

Do you ever have the annoying feeling that you don't have time to really think anymore?
    你是否曾有一种恼人的感觉，觉得自己再也没有时间真正思考了？
You're not alone.
    你并不孤单。
A variety of factors have conspired to rob us of time for reflection on ourselves and our lives.
    多种因素共同作用，剥夺了我们反思自己和生活的时间。
Preoccupied minds are rarely silent.
    专注的大脑很少是沉默的。
The average person receives hundreds of texts and voice messages a day.
    平均每个人每天会收到数百条短信 and 语音信息。
And holidays for many of us are action-packed weeks more likely full of family activities than opportunities for tranquility and contemplation.
    对我们中的许多人来说，假期是排满活动的几周，更有可能充满了家庭活动，而不是宁静和冥想的机会。
Regular reflection, however, underlies all great professionals.
    然而，定期的反思是所有伟大专业人士的基础。
It's a prerequisite for you to recharge your mental batteries, see things in a new light and tap into your creativity.
    它是你精神充电、以新视角看待事物并挖掘创造力的前提。
Almost all of the great advisors that I have studied have found ways to get away from it all and contemplate their life and work.
    几乎所有我研究过的伟大顾问都找到了远离尘嚣、沉思生活和工作的方法。
Some researchers in the field of creativity, in fact, believe that insight occurs during the reflection and relaxation that follows a period of intense activity.
    事实上，创造力领域的一些研究人员认为，洞察力产生于一段高强度活动后的反思和放松。
Schedule your time for reflection about your work or a particular project you're engaged in.
    安排时间反思你的工作或你参与的特定项目。
I usually block out half an hour.
    我通常会拨出半小时。
Don't answer the phone.
    不要接电话。
Push your papers to the side.
    把你的文件推到一边。
Sketch, make lists, draw mind maps of ideas that come to you.
    素描，列清单，画出浮现在脑海中的灵感思维导图。
At the end, write down any emerging ideas.
    最后，写下任何萌发的想法。
When you're alone, stop worrying and think.
    当你独处时，停止担忧，开始思考。
A lot of our downtime is spent worrying about troubles or things in our lives or fantasizing about how we'd like our lives to be.
    我们的很多闲暇时间都花在担心生活中的麻烦事，或者幻想我们希望生活变成什么样。
Revisit things during moments of relaxation after a period of intense work.
    在一段高强度工作后的放松时刻，重新审视事物。
This is when we are the most creative.
    这是我们最有创造力的时候。
Q9. What do we learn about the feeling that one doesn't have time to think anymore?
    关于“没时间再思考”这种感觉，我们了解到了什么？
Q10. What trait do all great professionals share?
    所有伟大的专业人士都有什么共同特征？
Q11. What do some researchers believe is conducive to creative ideas?
    一些研究人员认为什么有利于产生创意？

=== PASSAGE 2 ===

Before Colorado became a state, it already had post offices.
    在科罗拉多州建州之前，它就已经有了邮局。
The first opened in 1859 in a settlement founded by migrants searching for gold.
    第一家邮局于 1859 年在一个由寻找黄金的移民建立的定居点开业。
Life could be unpredictable out west.
    在西部，生活可能是不可预测的。
Gold failed to appear.
    黄金并没有出现。
Drought ruined farmers, and settlers clashed with Native Americans.
    干旱毁掉了农民，定居者与美洲原住民发生了冲突。
On the settlement's location now stands a sprawling University campus.
    在这个定居点的原址上，现在矗立着一座庞大的大学校园。
Amid all the changes, one feature remained constant: the postal service.
    在所有的变化中，有一个特征保持不变：邮政服务。
The maps tracing America's westward expansion are telling.
    描绘美国向西扩张的地图说明了问题。
In 1864 there were few postal branches on land controlled by Native Americans, which still accounted for most of the West.
    1864 年，在美洲原住民控制的土地上几乎没有邮政分局，而这在当时仍占西部的大部分。
Over the next 25 years, post offices grew quickly.
    在接下来的 25 年里，邮局迅速增加。
Colonization of the West could be regarded as a result of big government rather than pioneers.
    西部的殖民化可以被看作是强大政府的结果，而不是先驱者的功劳。
As federal subsidies and land grants tempted people into the deserts and plains, the post kept them connected.
    当联邦补贴和土地赠与吸引人们进入沙漠和平原时，邮政让他们保持联系。
In the mid-19th century, the Post Office Department was far from a centralized bureaucracy.
    在 19 世纪中叶，邮政部远非一个集权式的官僚机构。
To keep up with migration patterns, postal services were added to existing businesses.
    为了跟上移民模式，邮政服务被添加到现有的商业机构中。
The federal government commissioned private wagons to carry the mail.
    联邦政府委托私人马车运送邮件。
Short term contracts were granted to local businessmen to act as postmasters.
    当地商人获得了作为邮政局长的短期合同。
These partnerships enabled the mail to quickly follow migrants, helping knit together remote parts of the country.
    这些合作伙伴关系使邮件能够迅速跟随移民，帮助将国家偏远地区联系在一起。
Mr. Bellavance, a digital historian, wrote a book on the history of the US postal service.
    数字历史学家贝拉文斯先生写了一本关于美国邮政服务历史的书。
He used data science to analyze historical trends.
    他利用数据科学来分析历史趋势。
Most strikingly he built an accompanying website, complete with interactive maps.
    最引人注目的是，他建立了一个配套网站，配有交互式地图。
They show readers how within a generation the postal service helped colonize a continent.
    它们向读者展示了邮政服务是如何在一代人的时间内帮助殖民一个大陆的。
These online interactive maps illustrate the formative power of snail mail.
    这些在线交互式地图说明了传统邮件的塑造力。
Q12. What does the passage say about Colorado before it became a state?
    关于建州之前的科罗拉多，文章说了什么？
Q13. How did the postal service contribute to America's westward expansion?
    邮政服务是如何为美国的向西扩张做出贡献的？
Q14. What did the federal government do to meet the increasing demand for the postal service in the West?
    联邦政府采取了什么措施来满足西部对邮政服务日益增长的需求？
Q15. What did Mr. Bellavance do to study the history of the US postal service?
    贝拉文斯先生为了研究美国邮政服务的历史做了什么？

=== RECORDING 1 ===

In last week's lecture, we discussed reasons why people forget things.
    在上周的讲座中，我们讨论了人们遗忘事物的原因。
This week we will discuss a surprising reason why we might remember some things: anxiety.
    本周我们将讨论一个我们可能会记住某些事物的令人惊讶的原因：焦虑。
Think about something as simple as buying a coffee.
    想一想买咖啡这样简单的事情。
That may not seem like an experience that would make a deep impression on your memory.
    这似乎不像是那种会在你的记忆中留下深刻印象的经历。
But anxiety could change that.
    但焦虑可以改变这一点。
In fact, a new study suggests that people with higher anxiety levels might remember certain information better than people with lower anxiety levels.
    事实上，一项新研究表明，焦虑水平较高的人可能比焦虑水平较低的人能更好地记住某些信息。
That's because higher levels of anxiety may make people more susceptible to negative feelings, putting them in a more negative state of mind.
    这是因为较高水平的焦虑可能使人们更容易受到负面情绪的影响，使他们处于更消极的心态中。
That in turn, may make them able to better remember some events.
    这反过来又可能使他们能够更好地记住某些事件。
Let's take a closer look at that new study now.
    现在让我们更详细地了解一下那项新研究。
In this study, the researchers started by giving 80 undergraduate students an anxiety test.
    在这项研究中，研究人员首先对 80 名本科生进行了焦虑测试。
The test measured the participants' anxiety levels over the proceeding two weeks.
    测试测量了参与者在过去两周内的焦虑水平。
Then, to test memory, the participants were shown a series of neutral words one at a time.
    然后，为了测试记忆力，研究人员向参与者逐一展示了一系列中性词。
Some of the words were printed onto photos of negative scenes, meaning images that could affect their emotions negatively, such as a photo of a car accident, or a cemetery.
    其中一些词被印在负面场景的照片上，即可能对情绪产生负面影响的图像，比如车祸或墓地的照片。
The rest of the words were printed onto photos of neutral scenes, such as a photo of a lake or trees.
    其余的词被印在中性场景的照片上，比如湖泊或树木的照片。
Neutral words included words like table or desk that don't elicit emotion.
    中性词包括像“桌子”或“书桌”这样不会引起情绪波动的词。
Later, the participants were asked to think back to the words they were shown earlier, which caused them to reenter either a negative or neutral mindset.
    后来，参与者被要求回想之前向他们展示的词，这导致他们重新进入消极或中性的心态。
The participants were then presented with another set of neutral words, and their memory of these new words was tested.
    随后，研究人员向参与者展示了另一组中性词，并测试了他们对这些新词的记忆。
The researchers found that the new words presented to people in a negative mindset were better remembered by people with higher levels of anxiety than those with lower levels of anxiety.
    研究人员发现，焦虑水平较高的人比焦虑水平较低的人能更好地记住在消极心态下展示的新词。
In other words, when highly anxious individuals took in otherwise emotionally neutral information that was presented to them, it became colored by their negative mindset, making them remember the information better.
    换句话说，当高度焦虑的人接收到呈现给他们的情感中性信息时，这些信息会染上他们消极心态的色彩，从而让他们更好地记住这些信息。
But these same effects were not seen in people with low levels of anxiety.
    但在焦虑水平较低的人身上没有看到同样的效果。
Previous studies have found that extreme levels of anxiety such as those experienced by people diagnosed with an anxiety disorder can be quite detrimental to memory and cognitive performance.
    此前的研究发现，极高水平的焦虑（如被诊断患有焦虑症的人所经历的焦虑）会对记忆力和认知表现产生相当大的负面影响。
But the highly anxious people in this study represent individuals who are managing their anxiety and for whom anxiety is not a serious problem.
    但这项研究中的高度焦虑者代表的是那些能够管理自己焦虑的人，焦虑对他们来说并不是一个严重的问题。
Q16. What does the speaker say the new study suggests?
    演讲者说这项新研究暗示了什么？
Q17. What did researchers do first in the new study?
    研究人员在新研究中首先做了什么？
Q18. What do we learn from previous studies about anxiety?
    关于焦虑，我们从之前的研究中了解到了什么？

=== RECORDING 2 ===

Over the past 20 years, the internet has gradually become a dominant feature of our lives.
    在过去的 20 年里，互联网逐渐成为我们生活的主导特征。
It has changed how we communicate with each other.
    它改变了我们彼此沟通的方式。
And it has definitely transformed the way we do business with each other.
    它也确实改变了我们彼此做生意的方式。
Marketing has also changed in a number of ways.
    营销也在许多方面发生了变化。
For instance, in the past, consumers had to call a phone number and patiently wait on hold in order to get the information they wanted.
    例如，在过去，消费者必须拨打一个电话号码，并耐心地等待接听，才能获得他们想要的信息。
Today, they want the information immediately.
    今天，他们希望立即获得信息。
They'll go to the company's social media pages and post comments and questions expecting to receive an immediate response.
    他们会去公司的社交媒体页面发布评论和问题，并期待立即得到回复。
If they don't get their questions answered soon, they'll move on to another company that will answer them quickly.
    如果他们的问题没有很快得到解答，他们就会转向另一家能快速回复他们的公司。
Marketing departments today need to follow technological development.
    今天的营销部门需要关注技术发展。
For example, this year's smartphone is smarter than last year's.
    例如，今年的智能手机比去年的更聪明。
Self-driving cars are now on the road.
    自动驾驶汽车现在已经上路了。
Marketers have to do research on which technologies are coming into being, otherwise, they risk being left behind in the virtual dust.
    营销人员必须研究哪些技术正在兴起，否则，他们就有可能被遗忘在虚拟世界的尘土中。
Marketing has also changed due to the importance of video.
    由于视频的重要性，营销也发生了变化。
People don't just want to read text.
    人们不想只读文字。
They want to watch things happening.
    他们想看正在发生的事情。
Companies now have to explore how they can use video on a consistent basis to share information about their businesses.
    公司现在必须探索如何持续使用视频来分享其业务信息。
Fortunately, it's extremely easy to shoot something these days.
    幸运的是，如今拍摄东西非常容易。
All you need is a smartphone.
    你只需要一部智能手机。
But what's the result of all this?
    但这一切的结果是什么呢？
Shorter attention spans?
    注意力持续时间变短了？
We aren't the same people that we were 20 years ago.
    我们不再是 20 年前的那些人了。
Not only have we grown accustomed to getting the information we want instantaneously, our attention spans are much shorter.
    我们不仅习惯了即时获取想要的信息，而且我们的注意力持续时间也短得多。
If something doesn't capture our attention within a few seconds, we're on to the next piece of content.
    如果某件事在几秒钟内没有吸引我们的注意力，我们就会转向下一条内容。
Marketers need to figure out ways to speak directly to the customer's emotions and they need to figure out how to do that as quickly as possible.
    营销人员需要想办法直接打动消费者的情感，并且需要想办法尽快做到这一点。
Once people are emotionally engaged, they'll stick with you.
    一旦人们在情感上投入其中，他们就会跟随你。
If marketing has changed this much in the past 20 years, imagine what the next 20 years will bring.
    如果营销在过去的 20 年里发生了这么大的变化，想象一下接下来的 20 年会带来什么。
In a recent survey, only 9% of marketers could say with confidence that their marketing efforts were actually working.
    在最近的一项调查中，只有 9% 的营销人员能自信地说他们的营销努力实际上起到了作用。
Their confidence is being shaken because the rules of the game change every year.
    他们的信心正在动摇，因为游戏的规则每年都在改变。
That's why it's important for marketers to pay attention to the latest technological developments and consider collaborating with technological innovators.
    这就是为什么营销人员关注最新的技术发展并考虑与技术创新者合作很重要。
That way, they'll be moving at the same pace as the tech industry.
    这样，他们就能跟上科技行业的步伐。
Q19. What does the speaker say about today's consumers?
    关于当今的消费者，演讲者说了什么？
Q20. How do marketers capture consumers' attention as quickly as possible?
    营销人员如何尽快吸引消费者的注意力？
Q21. What does the speaker suggest marketers do to meet future challenges?
    演讲者建议营销人员如何应对未来的挑战？

=== RECORDING 3 ===

You might be surprised to learn that the benefits of friendships extend beyond people's social life and into their work, which is interesting when you consider the extent to which people sacrifice friendships, or at least the time they spend with friends because of the extra hours they're devoting to work.
    你可能会惊讶地发现，友谊的好处超出了人们的社交生活，延伸到了他们的工作中。这很有趣，因为人们为了工作加班加点，甚至不惜牺牲友谊，或者至少牺牲与朋友相处的时间。
Just last week, I was remarking to a colleague that I'm content with only one social engagement per week.
    就在上周，我还对一位同事说，我满足于每周只有一次社交活动。
But according to recent research, that's evidently not enough.
    但根据最近的研究，这显然不够。
In an initial study of more than 700 respondents, scholars from an American university analyzed the impact that friends, as opposed to family, have on self-esteem and well-being.
    在对 700 多名受访者的初步研究中，一所美国大学的学者分析了朋友（而非家人）对自尊和幸福感的影响。
Friends came out substantially on top.
    朋友的影响力明显占据上风。
That's because to be someone's mate is a voluntary act.
    这是因为成为某人的伙伴是一种自愿行为。
Unlike family who people rarely get to choose.
    而不像家人，人们很少能选择自己的家人。
The researchers found that when people choose to cultivate and maintain supportive friendships with an individual, it means that the person is valued and worthy of their limited time.
    研究人员发现，当人们选择与某人培养并维持支持性的友谊时，这意味着那个人是有价值的，值得他们投入有限的时间。
Such sentiments of value and worthiness boost our self-esteem.
    这种价值感和值得感会提升我们的自尊。
The second study comprised more than 300 participants.
    第二项研究包括 300 多名参与者。
It proved that the better we feel about ourselves, the more likely we will perform our job confidently and competently.
    它证明了我们对自己感觉越好，我们就越有可能自信且称职地履行工作。
This follow-up study found that non-work friends even improved people's job satisfaction.
    这项后续研究发现，工作之外的朋友甚至能提高人们的工作满意度。
They have as much of an impact on how much they love their jobs, as do the friends they have at work, despite not actually being at our place of work.
    尽管他们并不在我们的工作场所，但他们对我们热爱工作程度的影响力，与我们在工作中结识的朋友一样大。
These types of friends tend to be our preferred outlet for complaining about work-related matters.
    这些类型的朋友往往是我们抱怨工作相关事务的首选出口。
This is an avenue that may not be available at the office.
    这条途径在办公室里可能并不畅通。
So even though friendships can be easy to neglect when confronted by pressures at work, or even pressures at home, neglecting our friends can turn out to be harmful and counterproductive.
    因此，尽管在面对工作压力甚至家庭压力时，友谊很容易被忽视，但忽视朋友可能会被证明是有害且适得其反的。
That's why when determining how to create a better work-life balance, we need to consider not only how to balance work and family demands, but also how to cultivate and sustain supportive friendships.
    这就是为什么在决定如何更好地平衡工作与生活时，我们不仅需要考虑如何平衡工作和家庭需求，还需要考虑如何培养和维持支持性的友谊。
It's for this reason that managers should never discriminate when it comes to requests from employees for flexible work arrangements
    正因如此，管理者在受理员工提出的弹性工作制申请时，绝不能区别对待。
It's irrelevant whether their need for a desired schedule is due to say, parenting responsibilities, or a craving to hang out with their best mate.
    他们对特定时间表的需求是因为育儿责任，还是渴望与最好的朋友闲聊，这并不重要。
What matters is the opportunity to engage in a nourishing activity outside of work.
    重要的是有机会在工作之外参加有益身心的活动。
That will definitely have a follow-on effect at work.
    这绝对会给工作带来后续的积极影响。
Q22. What does the speaker say is interesting?
    演讲者说什么是很有趣的？
Q23. What did researchers from an American university analyze in their initial study?
    美国大学的研究人员在他们的初步研究中分析了什么？
Q24. What did the second study find about non-work friends?
    关于非工作朋友，第二项研究发现了什么？
Q25. What does the speaker suggest managers do?
    演讲者建议管理者做什么？
