
=== CONVERSATION 1 ===

M: Have you decided what you wish to study?
    你决定好想学什么了吗？
W: Yes, professor.
    是的，教授。
W: I wish to study architecture.
    我想学建筑学。
M: Ah, that's a wonderful profession.
    啊，那是门很棒的职业。
M: Why did you choose it?
    你为什么选择它？
W: I gave a lot of thought to things you said during our last discussion.
    我认真考虑了我们在上次讨论中你所说的话。
W: And I decided architecture made the most sense for me.
    我认定建筑学对我来说最有意义。
W: In particular, I'm attracted to the marriage of design and engineering.
    特别吸引我的是设计与工程的结合。
M: That's great, but I seem to remember you were preoccupied with all the lofty mathematics.
    那太好了，但我记得你之前一直担心那些深奥的数学。
M: You no longer think this aspect will be too hard for you?
    你不再认为这方面对你来说太难了吗？
W: No. I was doing some online research and I think I should be able to manage.
    不。我做了一些在线调研，我觉得我应该能够应付。
W: Math might be the toughest subject I encounter in the curriculum, but I'll simply put in the work required.
    数学可能是我在课程中遇到的最难的学科，但我会付出所需的努力。
W: I'm certain the fruits of my labor will pay off.
    我确信我的劳动成果会有回报。
M: I'm sure that's true.
    我相信那是真的。
M: Due to its material nature, architecture is one field where you will be able to clearly witness the contribution you make to a city.
    由于其物质特性，建筑学是一个你能清楚地见证你对城市所做贡献的领域。
M: And the legacies you build will last much longer than any of us mortals.
    你留下的遗产将比我们任何一个凡人都要长久得多。
W: Yeah, I guess that's true too.
    是的，我想那也是真的。
W: So what subjects do you think I should start brushing up on in preparation?
    那么你认为我应该开始复习哪些科目来做准备呢？
W: I have the whole summer.
    我有整个暑假的时间。
M: These days, architecture is a very diverse and dynamic degree.
    如今，建筑学是一个非常多样化且充满活力的学位。
M: Most universities will encourage you to learn different things from fields as wide-ranging as philosophy and economics.
    大多数大学会鼓励你学习从哲学到经济学等广泛领域的不同知识。
M: Nevertheless, I would suggest you start with computer science, because there will be many intricate visuals you will have to produce as part of your projects.
    尽管如此，我建议你从计算机科学开始，因为作为项目的一部分，你必须制作许多复杂的视觉效果。
W: Any software in particular you think I should start with?
    有什么具体的软件是你认为我应该开始学习的吗？
M: Photoshop is a good place.
    Photoshop 是个不错的选择。
M: If you aren't yet, try to become as proficient as you can with it.
    如果你还不会，试着尽可能熟练地掌握它。
M: And another thing that I would recommend you learn as much as you can is fine arts, in particular, the history of Western art.
    我推荐你尽可能多学习的另一件事是美术，特别是西方艺术史。
Q1. Why does the woman wish to study architecture?
    为什么这位女士想学建筑学？
Q2. How does the woman say she will overcome the difficulty in learning mathematics?
    这位女士说她将如何克服学习数学的困难？
Q3. What does the man say about architects' contribution to a city?
    关于建筑师对城市的贡献，这位男士说了什么？
Q4. What subject does the man suggest the woman start with?
    这位男士建议这位女士从哪门学科开始？

=== CONVERSATION 2 ===

W: So, as I mentioned over the phone, we are looking for someone who is very discreet.
    所以，正如我在电话中提到的，我们正在寻找一个非常谨慎的人。
W: I can't stress this enough.
    我再怎么强调也不为过。
M: I fully understand.
    我完全明白。
W: As we all know, being such a famous football player at Real Madrid, Mr Sanchez has a very high public profile.
    众所周知，作为皇家马德里如此著名的足球运动员，桑切斯先生有着极高的公众知名度。
W: This means he cannot leave the house without being recognized and harassed.
    这意味着他一出门就会被认出来并受到骚扰。
M: Yes, I completely understand how imperative it would be to respect Mr Sanchez's private life.
    是的，我完全理解尊重桑切斯先生私人生活的必要性。
W: Good.
    很好。
W: As his personal assistant, you would be required to run common everyday chores for Mr Sanchez, things he cannot do himself due to his fame, like going to the supermarket or post office.
    作为他的私人助理，你需要为桑切斯先生处理一些日常杂活，这些由于他的名气而无法亲自完成的事情，比如去超市或邮局。
W: So, well, at first sight it may appear that working for a celebrity is very glamorous.
    所以，嗯，初看起来为名人工作可能非常光鲜亮丽。
W: Nothing could be further from the truth.
    事实远非如此。
W: I'm telling you this so that you don't get any false expectations of what the job has to offer you.
    我告诉你这些是为了让你对这份工作能带给你的东西不要抱有任何错误的期望。
M: Thanks.
    谢谢。
M: I understand this too.
    我也明白这一点。
M: This is my first job after graduating from university.
    这是我大学毕业后的第一份工作。
M: So frankly, I don't have much prior working experience.
    所以坦率地说，我没有太多的工作经验。
M: I am, however, very excited about the prospect of joining this company and very keen to start from the bottom in whatever capacity I may be of use.
    然而，对于加入这家公司的前景，我感到非常兴奋，并且非常渴望从底层开始，以任何我可以发挥作用的身份工作。
W: That's good to hear.
    很高兴听到你这么说。
W: You sound very energetic.
    你听起来精力充沛。
W: Tell me why do you think you are well suited for this job?
    告诉我，你为什么认为你适合这份工作？
M: Well, firstly, I love football.
    首先，我热爱足球。
M: I'm a lifelong Real Madrid supporter and go to their games every weekend I can.
    我是皇家马德里的终身支持者，只要周末有空我就会去看他们的比赛。
M: I would simply love to have a job where I'm involved in some capacity with Real Madrid, regardless of the position and salary.
    我只是非常希望能有一份能以某种身份参与到皇家马德里相关事务中的工作，无论职位和薪水如何。
M: And secondly, I think what this company does in sports consultancy is very cool.
    其次，我认为这家公司在体育咨询方面所做的工作非常酷。
M: And I think my language skills could prove very useful down the road.
    而且我认为我的语言技能在未来会证明非常有用。
W: Please tell me more about your language skills.
    请再多告诉我一些关于你语言技能的情况。
M: I am fully fluent in English and Spanish and have a working proficiency in French.
    我的英语和西班牙语非常流利，并且法语具有工作水平的熟练程度。
Q5. What do we learn from the conversation about Mr Sanchez?
    从对话中我们了解到关于桑切斯先生的什么信息？
Q6. What will the man do if he gets the job?
    如果这位男士得到这份工作，他会做什么？
Q7. What does the man say about himself?
    关于他自己，这位男士说了什么？
Q8. Why does the man think he is a very competitive candidate?
    为什么这位男士认为他是一个非常有竞争力的候选人？

=== PASSAGE 1 ===

Adventure sports are undeniably attractive to many energetic and thrill-seeking kids.
    对于许多精力充沛、追求刺激的孩子来说，冒险运动无疑具有吸引力。
Sports like rock climbing, surfing, skiing, and mountain biking, thus have lots of appeal.
    因此，攀岩、冲浪、滑雪和山地自行车等运动很有吸引力。
They don't have many of the rules and pressures of traditional team sports, but they still have all the benefits of outdoor physical activity.
    它们没有传统团队运动的许多规则和压力，但它们仍然拥有户外体育活动的所有益处。
When properly supervised, extreme sports can be a part of a healthy, balanced life.
    在适当的监督下，极限运动可以成为健康、平衡生活的一部分。
Some adventure sports may be associated with higher risks of injury, so it's important for kids to figure out when to take risks, and when not to.
    一些冒险运动可能伴随着更高的受伤风险，所以对孩子来说，弄清楚什么时候该冒险，什么时候不该冒险是很重要的。
Risk-free activities deprive kids of the opportunity to test themselves and overcome their fears.
    没有风险的活动剥夺了孩子测试自己和克服恐惧的机会。
But, to some, these very risks are what makes these sports a bad choice.
    但是，对一些人来说，正是这些风险使得这些运动成为了一个糟糕的选择。
They say that extreme sports can often lead to devastating injuries, especially as young thrill seekers may attempt feats that are too advanced for them.
    他们说，极限运动往往会导致毁灭性的伤害，尤其是年幼的寻求刺激者可能会尝试对他们来说太高级的壮举。
But let's be real.
    但让我们面对现实吧。
Most kids do all kinds of dangerous stuff whether you want them to or not.
    无论你是否愿意，大多数孩子都会做各种危险的事情。
Adventure sports have many of the same risks and dangers.
    冒险运动有许多相同的风险和危险。
But, they have an additional sense of adventure, courage and autonomy that is important to foster in young children.
    但是，它们还有一种额外的冒险感、勇气和自主性，这对培养幼儿来说很重要。
As always, it's up to parents to decide what's best for their kids.
    一如既往，这取决于家长来决定什么对他们的孩子最好。
But, if you do decide that adventure sports are a bit too much, do try to introduce other forms of outdoor adventures into their lives.
    但是，如果你确实认为冒险运动有点过头了，请务必尝试在他们的生活中引入其他形式的户外冒险。
Camping under the stars, fishing, stargazing, or even just playing in the woods can help a lot in building the same sense of self-confidence and risk-taking as in adventure sports.
    在星空下露营、钓鱼、观星，甚至只是在森林里玩耍，都能极大地帮助建立与冒险运动中相同的自信心和冒险精神。
Q9. Why do extreme sports appeal to many kids?
    为什么极限运动对许多孩子有吸引力？
Q10. What does the speaker say about risk-free activities?
    关于无风险活动，演讲者说了什么？
Q11. What shall parents do if they decide adventure sports are a bit too much for their kids?
    如果父母认为冒险运动对他们的孩子来说有点过头了，他们该怎么办？

=== PASSAGE 2 ===

The shiny gadgets of today will be waste tomorrow.
    今天闪亮的小工具明天就会变成垃圾。
Manufacturers don't talk much about this when they announce the big new thing that will replace your mostly just as good old thing.
    制造商在宣布将取代你那大体上同样好用的旧东西的重大新产品时，并不会多谈这件事。
In fact, technology firms often purposely design devices that will not last long and cannot be repaired so that consumers will have to spend their money on a new one.
    事实上，科技公司经常故意设计寿命不长且无法修理的设备，以便消费者不得不花钱购买新设备。
This year, the French government began requiring tech manufacturers to list a repairability score.
    今年，法国政府开始要求科技制造商列出可修复性得分。
If a device can be repaired, then its life can be extended, saving consumers money and the planet the burden of so many trashed gadgets.
    如果一个设备可以被修理，那么它的寿命就可以延长，从而为消费者省钱，并减轻地球承受如此多报废小工具的负担。
Equipped with this knowledge, consumers can make better choices about which products to buy.
    有了这些知识，消费者在购买哪些产品时可以做出更好的选择。
Some 59 million tons of old TVs, computers, screens, smartphones, washers and other electronics are discarded every year.
    每年约有 5900 万吨旧电视、电脑、屏幕、智能手机、洗衣机和其他电子产品被丢弃。
This waste is dangerous.
    这些垃圾是危险的。
Batteries explode in recycling facilities.
    电池在回收设施中爆炸。
Toxic substances like mercury leak into soil and groundwater and disperse in the air.
    汞等有毒物质渗入土壤和地下水，并弥散在空气中。
Manufacturing flat screens adds greenhouse gases to the atmosphere.
    制造平板显示器会向大气中增加温室气体。
We need tech companies to take the lead to solve this problem.
    我们需要科技公司带头解决这个问题。
If they won't, governments must make them do so.
    如果他们不这样做，政府必须强迫他们这样做。
Although tech companies will often speak of environmental sustainability, many lobby against repair legislation, fearful it will eat into their profits.
    虽然科技公司经常谈论环境可持续性，但许多公司游说反对维修立法，担心这会侵蚀他们的利润。
Sustainability matters, but marketable design appears to matter more to these companies.
    可持续性很重要，但对这些公司来说，市场化设计似乎更重要。
Consumers should support right-to-repair legislation.
    消费者应该支持维修权立法。
In this world, damage is a certainty.
    在这个世界上，损坏是必然的。
But we cannot leave things broken: A problem of our creation is a problem that can be fixed.
    但我们不能任由事物损坏：由我们产生的问题就是可以被解决的问题。
Q12. Why did new tech products soon become waste?
    为什么新的科技产品很快就变成了垃圾？
Q13. What did the French government require tech companies to do to help consumers make better choices?
    法国政府要求科技公司做什么来帮助消费者做出更好的选择？
Q14. What should tech companies do to help ensure environmental sustainability?
    科技公司应该做什么来帮助确保环境可持续性？
Q15. What does the speaker think of the problem of waste?
    演讲者如何看待垃圾问题？

=== RECORDING 1 ===

On average, U.S. workers spend about 10% of their workday surfing the internet, emailing friends or shopping online.
    平均而言，美国工人每个工作日花费大约 10% 的时间浏览网页、给朋友发邮件或在线购物。
This behavior, called cyberloafing, is believed to cost employers up to $85 billion a year in lost productivity.
    这种被称为“网络摸鱼”的行为被认为每年给雇主造成高达 850 亿美元的生产力损失。
The majority of cyberloafing research focuses on ways to prevent employees from engaging in this behavior through interventions such as internet monitoring and computer use policies.
    大多数关于网络摸鱼的研究都集中在如何通过互联网监控和计算机使用政策等干预措施来防止员工从事这种行为。
But it turns out, such behaviors may not be a sign that a worker is lazy or just wasting time.
    但事实证明，这种行为可能并不意味着工人懒惰或只是在浪费时间。
Social media use at work has been linked to higher levels of employee engagement and job satisfaction.
    在工作中使用社交媒体与更高水平的员工敬业度和工作满意度有关。
New research suggests cyberloafing can help workers cope with an exceptionally stressful work environment.
    新的研究表明，网络摸鱼可以帮助工人应对异常压力的工作环境。
But is cyberloafing actually effective at reducing employee stress levels?
    但网络摸鱼在降低员工压力水平方面真的有效吗？
That's the question my research team wanted to answer in our new study.
    这就是我的研究团队想在我们新的研究中回答的问题。
Our hypothesis was that cyberloafing may serve as a mini-break, giving employees an opportunity to recover from stressful work situations.
    我们的假设是，网络摸鱼可以作为一种微休，给员工一个从压力的工作环境中恢复的机会。
To test this, we asked workers to complete an online survey and rank how much time they spent cyberloafing, checking non-work emails and shopping.
    为了测试这一点，我们要求工人们完成一项在线调查，并对他们在网络摸鱼、查看非工作邮件和购物上花费的时间进行排序。
We also asked them to rank job satisfaction, their desire to quit, and how often they've experienced mistreatment at work, such as being bullied, threatened or yelled at.
    我们还要求他们对工作满意度、辞职意愿以及在工作中遭受虐待（如被欺负、威胁或吼叫）的频率进行排序。
As you might expect, we found that overall, more mistreatment at work was correlated with lower levels of job satisfaction and a greater desire to quit.
    正如你可能预料的那样，我们发现总的来说，工作中更多的虐待与较低水平的工作满意度和更强的辞职意愿相关。
More interestingly, we found that cyberloafing effectively buffered this connection.
    更有趣的是，我们发现网络摸鱼有效地缓解了这种联系。
That is, mistreated workers who spent more time surfing the web and checking emails reported higher job satisfaction and were less likely to want to quit than similar participants who didn't cyberloaf as much.
    也就是说，与那些没有那么多网络摸鱼行为的类似参与者相比，花费更多时间浏览网页和查收邮件的受虐待工人报告了更高的工作满意度，且辞职的可能性更小。
This suggests that cyberloafing acts as a sort of relief valve for workers, helping them recover from stressful experiences.
    这表明，网络摸鱼对工人来说就像是一个压力释放阀，帮助他们从压力的经历中恢复过来。
While we did not directly assess how cyberloafing affects worker performance, we believe by relieving stress it may not only reduce worker turnover, but also ultimately bolster productivity.
    虽然我们没有直接评估网络摸鱼如何影响工人的绩效，但我们认为，通过缓解压力，它不仅可以减少员工流失，而且最终还能提高生产力。
This fits with other recent research that suggests taking short breaks is associated with higher levels of daily job performance.
    这与最近的其他研究相吻合，这些研究表明，短暂的休息与更高水平的日常工作绩效相关。
That isn't to say cyberloafing is always good.
    这并不是说网络摸鱼总是好的。
Too much time spent on non-work activities likely causes performance to suffer.
    在非工作活动上花费太多时间可能会导致绩效受损。
All in all, managers should be more lenient with employees.
    总而言之，管理者应该对员工更加宽容。
We believe a bit of online shopping or surfing the internet at work could make workers more productive in the long run.
    我们相信，从长远来看，在工作中进行一点在线购物或浏览网页可以让工人更有生产力。
Q16. What does most cyberloafing research focus on?
    大多数关于网络摸鱼的研究集中在什么上？
Q17. What was the hypothesis of the speaker's research team?
    演讲者研究团队的假设是什么？
Q18. On what point do the results of the speaker's study agree with other recent research?
    演讲者的研究结果在哪个点上与其他最近的研究一致？

=== RECORDING 2 ===

When Julius Morton moved to Nebraska City in 1854, he faced a problem shared by many settlers in the territory: It was a treeless plain.
    当朱利叶斯·莫顿于 1854 年搬到内布拉斯加城时，他面临着该地区许多定居者共同面临的问题：那里是一片无树的平原。
That meant no trees for building materials, or for fuel.
    这意味着没有木材作为建筑材料或燃料。
But Morton was one of the world's first conservationists, stating, "For prosperity, we ought to plant as many forests as we have exhausted and consumed".
    但莫顿是世界上最早的环保主义者之一，他声称：“为了繁荣，我们应该种植与我们耗尽和消费的一样多的森林。”
So he started planting trees, beginning with his own land.
    于是他开始植树，从他自己的土地开始。
By 1860 Morton possessed a forest of more than 300 trees.
    到 1860 年，莫顿拥有一片拥有 300 多棵树的森林。
A few years later, he had more than 1,000.
    几年后，他拥有了 1000 多棵。
As the forest grew, so did Morton's influence in Nebraska.
    随着森林的成长，莫顿在内布拉斯加州的影响力也随之增长。
This was largely because Morton founded the Nebraska City News, the state's first newspaper, in which he frequently wrote editorials about the practical and aesthetic benefits of tree planting.
    这在很大程度上是因为莫顿创办了《内布拉斯加城新闻报》，这是该州的第一份报纸，他经常在报纸上撰写关于植树的实用性和美学效益的社论。
He also organized the Nebraska State Gardening Society and served on the Nebraska State Board of Agriculture.
    他还组织了内布拉斯加州园艺协会，并在内布拉斯加州农业委员会任职。
While serving on the Board, Morton came up with an idea to spread his belief in tree planting statewide.
    在委员会任职期间，莫顿产生了一个在全州推广他植树信念的想法。
On January 4, 1872, Morton drafted a resolution that April 10 be designated a day for the planting of trees in the State of Nebraska and urged people to go out and plant trees themselves.
    1872 年 1 月 4 日，莫顿起草了一项决议，将 4 月 10 日定为内布拉斯加州的植树日，并敦促人们出去亲自植树。
Morton called the special event Arbor Day as "arbor" is Latin for "tree".
    莫顿将这个特别活动称为 Arbor Day（植树节），因为 arbor 在拉丁语中是“树”的意思。
The state government agreed.
    州政府同意了。
And on April 10, 1872, the first unofficial Arbor Day was celebrated throughout Nebraska.
    1872 年 4 月 10 日，内布拉斯加州各地庆祝了第一个非官方的植树节。
Prizes were awarded to counties, cities, and individuals who planted the largest number of trees.
    奖项颁发给了植树数量最多的县、市和个人。
That day, an astounding one million trees were planted in Nebraska—an average of more than six for every man, woman and child in the state.
    那天，内布拉斯加州种植了惊人的 100 万棵树——平均该州每个男人、女人和孩子种了 6 棵多。
Since 1885, Nebraska has planted more than 700,000 acres of trees, earning it the nickname "the Tree Planters State".
    自 1885 年以来，内布拉斯加州已经种植了超过 70 万英亩的树木，赢得了“植树者之州”的绰号。
Arbor Day became a legal, civic holiday in the state in 1885.
    1885 年，植树节成为该州的法定公民假日。
It was held on April 22—Julius Morton's birthday.
    它定在 4 月 22 日——朱利叶斯·莫顿的生日。
In addition to a parade in Nebraska City, Morton introduced what has since become a long-standing Arbor Day tradition: Schoolchildren went outside and planted trees together.
    除了内布拉斯加城的游行外，莫顿还引入了此后成为长期植树节传统的一项活动：小学生们走到户外一起种树。
In 1970, nearly a century after Arbor Day was first celebrated, President Richard Nixon declared the last Friday of every April to be observed as National Arbor Day.
    1970 年，在首次庆祝植树节近一个世纪后，理查德·尼克松总统宣布将每年 4 月的最后一个星期五定为国家植树节。
All 50 states recognize the April observance, although many hold an additional state Arbor Day in a month more suited to local tree planting.
    所有 50 个州都认可 4 月的庆祝活动，尽管许多州会在更适合当地植树的月份举行额外的州植树节。
Q19. What does the speaker say about Nebraska City in 1854 when Julius Morton moved there?
    关于 1854 年朱利叶斯·莫顿搬到那里时的内布拉斯加城，演讲者说了什么？
Q20. What did Julius Morton do that increased his influence in Nebraska City?
    朱利叶斯·莫顿做了什么增加了他在内布拉斯加城的影响力？
Q21. What does the speaker say happened on April 10, 1872?
    演讲者说 1872 年 4 月 10 日发生了什么？

=== RECORDING 3 ===

Modern humans arose in Africa about 200,000 years ago.
    现代人类大约在 20 万年前起源于非洲。
They then spread across Europe and Asia sometime after 60,000 years ago.
    然后在 6 万年前之后的某个时间，他们扩散到了欧洲和亚洲。
This is the "Out of Africa" model, as it's commonly known.
    这就是众所周知的“走出非洲”模型。
In the 1990s, the hypothesis found widespread acceptance.
    在 20 世纪 90 年代，这一假说得到了广泛认可。
But this popular idea is in need of revision, particularly given the number of important findings across Asia over the past few decades.
    但这一流行的想法需要修正，特别是考虑到过去几十年在亚洲发现的大量重要研究结果。
For instance, many new human fossils found, particularly in China, are now dated as older than 60,000 years.
    例如，发现的许多新的人类化石，特别是在中国，现在被鉴定为早于 6 万年。
This calls into question the idea that modern humans migrated out of Africa only 60,000 years ago.
    这让人对现代人类仅在 6 万年前迁出非洲的想法产生了质疑。
Take the recent discovery of two modern human teeth found in the Luna cave in China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region.
    以最近在中国广西壮族自治区龙安洞发现的两颗现代人类牙齿为例。
When my research team and I dated these teeth, we found they were more than 70,000 years old—a situation clearly impossible if modern humans moved out of Africa only 60,000 years ago.
    当我和我的研究团队对这些牙齿进行年代测定时，我们发现它们有超过 7 万年的历史——如果现代人类在 6 万年前才迁出非洲，这种情况显然是不可能的。
So with such findings, what happened exactly?
    那么，有了这些发现，到底发生了什么？
Where does the most current data suggest we came from?
    目前最新的数据表明我们来自哪里？
The first question we should ask is why did modern humans leave Africa to begin with?
    我们要问第一个问题是，现代人类当初为什么要离开非洲？
If a population is perfectly adapted to a particular environment and has access to an abundance of resources, then there really is no reason to move or change.
    如果一个种群完美地适应了特定的环境，并且能够获得丰富的资源，那么确实没有理由移动或改变。
For instance, some monkeys in Africa have a set of teeth that has hardly changed over the course of millions of years, indicating that they found a place that has worked for them.
    例如，非洲的一些猴子有一套在数百万年间几乎没有变化的牙齿，这表明它们找到了一个适合自己的地方。
So what happened with humans?
    那么人类发生了什么？
Some researchers have suggested that population density increased to the point where smaller human groups were forced to explore new lands.
    一些研究人员认为，人口密度增加到了较小的人类群体被迫探索新土地的程度。
Other researchers have suggested that due to major environmental events in East Africa, humans were prompted to find greener pastures.
    其他研究人员认为，由于东非发生的重大环境事件，人类被促使去寻找更绿的牧场。
Yet another explanation could simply be that early modern human hunters were following the large animals that they relied on, and so they moved out of Africa without realizing that they were actually moving from one continent to another.
    另一种解释可能仅仅是早期现代人类猎人跟随着他们赖以生存的大型动物，因此他们走出了非洲，却没有意识到他们实际上正从一个大陆迁移到另一个大陆。
Humans need daily access to reliable fresh water, which appears to be absent from many coastal areas.
    人类每天需要获得可靠的淡水，而这在许多沿海地区似乎是缺失的。
This brings us to another question: by which route did modern humans move out of Africa?
    这将我们带到了另一个问题：现代人类通过哪条路线迁出非洲？
No clear routes across the Mediterranean from North Africa appear to be present, so the earlier dispersals out of Africa and into Europe and Asia might have been across the Arabian Peninsula.
    从北非穿越地中海似乎没有明确的路线，因此早期迁出非洲进入欧洲和亚洲的扩散可能是穿过了阿拉伯半岛。
Q22. What do we learn about modern humans according to the hypothesis commonly accepted in the 1990s?
    根据 20 世纪 90 年代普遍接受的假说，我们了解到关于现代人类的什么？
Q23. What has called into question the "Out of Africa" model?
    是什么让“走出非洲”模型受到了质疑？
Q24. What does the speaker want to show with the example of some monkeys in Africa?
    演讲者想通过非洲一些猴子的例子展示什么？
Q25. What question does the speaker raise close to the end of the talk?
    演讲者在演讲接近尾声时提出了什么问题？
