
=== CONVERSATION 1 ===

W: You're going to give a short speech of thanks for the speaker this evening, aren't you, Bill?
    比尔，今晚你要为演讲者致简短的感谢词，对吧？
M: Yes.
    是的。
W: You don't sound very enthusiastic.
    你听起来不太热衷。
W: It's not that bad, is it?
    没那么糟糕吧？
M: No, I don't mind really.
    不，我其实并不介意。
M: But I can never forget the first speech of thanks I did.
    但我永远忘不了我第一次致感谢词的情景。
W: Why?
    为什么？
W: What happened?
    发生什么了？
M: Well, I was in my early twenties.
    嗯，当时我二十出头。
M: I joined the local history society.
    我加入了当地的历史学会。
W: Yes.
    是的。
M: Anyway, I went along to a lecture by a Miss Bligh.
    总之，我去听了一位布莱小姐的讲座。
W: Oh.
    哦。
W: Do go on.
    请继续说。
M: She was going to talk with slides about our town amid eighteenth century.
    她打算用幻灯片讲解我们小镇在十八世纪中叶的情况。
M: She'd just published a book on the subject, which was reckoned to be quite good.
    她刚出版了一本关于这个主题的书，评价相当不错。
M: So I went along.
    所以我去了。
M: When I arrived, the secretary asked me if I could give the speech of thanks.
    我到达时，秘书问我是否可以致感谢词。
M: Rather stupidly, I said yes.
    我挺愚蠢地答应了。
W: We've all done it.
    我们都干过这种事。
M: Anyway, from that point on, I was scared.
    总之，从那时起，我就感到害怕了。
M: What should I say?
    我该说什么呢？
M: I decided to make notes during the lecture and refer to interesting parts and thank her on behalf of the society.
    我决定在讲座期间做笔记，提到一些有趣的部分，并代表学会向她表示感谢。
M: In fact, by the time Miss Bligh stood up to talk, I was feeling much better.
    事实上，到布莱小姐站起来讲话时，我觉得好多了。
M: But she was so nervous that she kept forgetting what to say, and she spoke almost in a whisper.
    但她非常紧张，不停地忘记要说什么，说话声音几乎像耳语一样。
M: People at the back kept calling out "we can't hear."
    后面的人不断喊着“我们听不见”。
M: It was embarrassing.
    这太尴尬了。
W: I can imagine it.
    我可以想象。
M: At least the slides were good, that is, until the bulb in the projector blew.
    至少幻灯片还不错，直到投影仪里的灯泡爆了。
M: And she had to finish the talk with no illustrations.
    于是她不得不在没有插图的情况下完成演讲。
W: So what did you say in your speech of thanks?
    那么你在感谢词里说了什么？
M: What can you say?
    你能说什么呢？
M: You have to be polite.
    你必须礼貌点。
M: I mentioned the interesting facts, referred to the excellent slides, and then finished up by saying "we'd all like to thank Miss Bligh for blowing out her slides."
    我提到了有趣的事实，谈到了精彩的幻灯片，最后说道：“我们都要感谢布莱小姐‘吹爆’了她的幻灯片。”
W: Oh, no.
    噢，不。
M: I felt terrible.
    我感觉糟透了。
M: I tried to apologize, not very successfully.
    我试着道歉，但不太成功。
W: And the speech of thanks this evening?
    那今晚的感谢词呢？
M: I'll write down exactly what I'm going to say and read it carefully.
    我会把我打算说的话准确地写下来，并仔细阅读。
Q1. What is the man asked to do this evening?
    男人今晚被要求做什么？
Q2. What do we learn about the man?
    关于这个男人我们了解到了什么？
Q3. What does the man say about Miss Bligh?
    男人是怎么评价布莱小姐的？
Q4. What does the man say about the first time he gave a speech of thanks?
    男人关于他第一次致感谢词说了什么？

=== CONVERSATION 2 ===

W: Another cup of tea, Paul?
    保罗，再来杯茶吗？
M: No, thanks.
    不了，谢谢。
M: Well, what's new, Lorry?
    嗯，有什么新鲜事吗，洛里？
W: Nothing dramatic.
    没什么戏剧性的事。
W: But there's something you should know about.
    但有一件事你应该知道。
M: What's that?
    什么事？
W: Well, our rivals are offering extended credit terms to some of the retailers in the area.
    嗯，我们的竞争对手正在向该地区的一些零售商提供延长信用期限。
M: Oh?
    哦？
M: Which rival is this?
    是哪家竞争对手？
M: We only have two.
    我们只有两个竞争对手。
W: Barratt's Company.
    巴雷特公司。
M: Oh, them.
    哦，他们啊。
M: Well, they're hardly a threat.
    嗯，他们几乎构不成威胁。
W: I know they're smaller than us, but we can't afford to ignore them.
    我知道他们规模比我们小，但我们不能忽视他们。
M: Yes, you're right, Lorry.
    是的，你说得对，洛里。
M: But I don't like extended credit.
    但我不喜欢延长信用期限。
M: It ties up cash we could put to better use elsewhere.
    它占用了我们本来可以更好地用在别处的现金。
M: But, I'll look into it on Monday.
    不过，我周一会调查一下。
W: Yes.
    是的。
W: And there's something else.
    还有别的事。
M: Don't tell me!
    别告诉我！
M: The letter from the tax revenue office?
    是税务局寄来的信吗？
W: Right.
    没错。
W: How did you know?
    你怎么知道的？
M: Terra told me.
    泰拉告诉我的。
M: What's the problem?
    出了什么问题？
W: Well, Tom got this letter late yesterday and then went frantic trying to find copies of last year's accounts.
    嗯，汤姆昨天很晚才收到这封信，然后拼命寻找去年的账目副本。
M: Did he find them?
    他找到了吗？
W: No. And he was away before I could get hold of the letter.
    没有。而且还没等我拿到那封信，他就走了。
M: How about a drive down to the office now?
    现在开车去办公室怎么样？
M: And we'll see if everything's all right.
    我们去看看是否一切都好。
M: There's another reason why I wanted a chat with you before Monday.
    我想在周一之前和你聊聊还有另一个原因。
W: I thought as much.
    我就知道。
W: Well, go on, surprise me.
    好吧，继续说，给我个惊喜吧。
M: How about selling that new motorcycle of yours in Indonesia?
    把你那种新型摩托车卖到印度尼西亚怎么样？
W: What?
    什么？
W: You mean export?
    你是说出口？
W: Paul, I think you've been away too long.
    保罗，我想你离开太久了。
W: This is Jayal Motors.
    这是贾亚尔汽车公司。
W: We've never sold a bike abroad.
    我们从未在国外卖过摩托车。
M: Don't worry, Lorry.
    别担心，洛里。
M: I'm not crazy.
    我没疯。
M: I've been studying the possibility and I think we should give it a go.
    我一直在研究这种可能性，我认为我们应该尝试一下。
W: It's not as easy as that though, is it?
    不过这没那么容易，对吧？
W: We'd have to reorganize the whole company.
    我们必须重组整个公司。
M: Don't be silly.
    别傻了。
M: I don't intend starting next week.
    我没打算下周就开始。
M: We'll have to plan it properly and of course, there'll be a few problems.
    我们必须妥善规划，当然，也会有一些问题。
W: A few problems?
    一些问题？
W: I can see hundreds!
    我能看到几百个问题！
W: For one thing, transport.
    首先，运输问题。
W: I have enough trouble delivering bikes to shops only 40 miles away---never mind 5,000 miles!
    要把摩托车送到只有40英里外的商店我都够麻烦了——更别提5000英里外了！
M: That's what forwarding agents are for.
    这就是货运代理的作用。
Q5. What does the woman think the man should know?
    女人认为男人应该知道什么？
Q6. What does the woman think of Barratt's company?
    女人怎么看待巴雷特公司？
Q7. What did the woman say about the letter from the tax revenue office?
    女人关于税务局的信说了什么？
Q8. What is the man thinking of doing?
    男人正考虑做什么？

=== PASSAGE 1 ===

A report on sleep and nutrition released this month found that people who consistently went to bed earlier than 11 p.
    本月发布的一份关于睡眠与营养的报告发现，习惯在晚上11点前睡觉的人
m.
    （晚上11点）
took in fewer calories and ate more healthy food.
    摄入的热量更少，吃得也更健康。
In contrast, "night owls" who go to bed between 11 p.
    相比之下，在晚上11点到凌晨3点之间睡觉的“夜猫子”
m.
    （晚上11点）
and 3 a.
    （凌晨3点）
m.
    （晚上11点）
tend to consume more coffee, alcohol, refined sugars, and processed meats than early risers.
    往往比早起的人消耗更多的咖啡、酒精、精制糖和加工肉类。
This report corresponds with the existing scientific literature on bedtime and wellness.
    这份报告与现有的关于就寝时间和健康的科学文献相符。
The relationship between getting more sleep and making better food choices is well-documented.
    充足睡眠与做出更好的食物选择之间的关系有据可查。
A study published last year in The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition found that people who sleep more tend to eat less unhealthy food than their peers who don't get as much rest.
    去年发表在《美国临床营养学杂志》上的一项研究发现，睡眠充足的人往往比那些休息不足的同龄人吃的不健康食物更少。
And a 2015 study from the University of California, Berkeley, found that teens who go to bed late are more likely to gain weight over a five-year period.
    加州大学伯克利分校2015年的一项研究发现，晚睡的青少年在五年内更有可能增加体重。
As a group, "night owl" types tend to eat less healthy food and take in more calories overall than early risers.
    作为一个群体，“夜猫子”类型的人往往比早起的人吃得更不健康，摄入的总热量也更多。
The later one goes to bed, the more calories one records the next day.
    一个人睡觉越晚，第二天记录的摄入热量就越多。
It's as yet a challenge to explain the cause-and-effect relationship between sleep and nutrition.
    目前解释睡眠与营养之间的因果关系仍是一个挑战。
There may be a third factor that impacts both of them, or the relationship could be reversed, that is, people who eat less fall asleep earlier.
    可能存在第三种因素同时影响这两者，或者这种关系可能是相反的，也就是说，吃得少的人睡得更早。
Still, if late sleepers want to lose a few pounds, they can go to bed earlier than they usually do, thereby reducing their chances of taking snacks before bedtime.
    尽管如此，如果习惯晚睡的人想要减轻几磅体重，他们可以比平时早点睡觉，从而减少睡前吃零食的机会。
Q9. What do we learn about the report released this month?
    关于本月发布的报告，我们了解到了什么？
Q10. What does the study from the University of California, Berkeley, find about teens who go to bed late?
    加州大学伯克利分校的研究发现晚睡的青少年会怎样？
Q11. What should "night owls" do to reduce their consumption of unhealthy food?
    “夜猫子”应该怎么做来减少不健康食物的消耗？

=== PASSAGE 2 ===

Researchers have found not just a diversity problem in Hollywood, but actually an inclusion crisis.
    研究人员发现好莱坞不仅存在多样性问题，实际上还存在包容性危机。
With less than a week before an Oscars ceremony that has already been criticized for an all-white list of acting nominees, a study shows the film industry does worse than television.
    在因演员提名名单清一色白人而备受批评的奥斯卡颁奖典礼不到一周前，一项研究显示电影行业的情况比电视行业更糟。
Just 3.
    仅有3.4%
4 percent of film directors were female, and only 7 percent of films had a cast whose balance of race and ethnicity reflected the country's diversity.
    4%的电影导演是女性，只有7%的电影演职人员在种族和族裔平衡上反映了国家的多样性。
When researchers looked at all TV shows, they also found that women of color over 40 were regarded as "largely invisible" and just 22 percent of TV series creators were female.
    当研究人员调查所有电视节目时，他们还发现40岁以上的有色人种女性被视为“基本隐形”，只有22%的电视剧创作者是女性。
Overall, the study found half the films and TV shows had no Asian speaking characters and more than one-fifth of them had no black characters with dialogue.
    总的来说，研究发现一半的电影和电视节目中没有亚裔配音角色，超过五分之一的节目中没有黑人对话角色。
The film industry still functions as a straight, white, boy's club.
    电影行业仍然像一个异性恋、白人、男性占主导的俱乐部。
When looking at how women are depicted, the study found female characters were four times more likely to be shown in sexy clothing, and nearly four times as likely to be referred to as physically attractive.
    在观察女性形象的描绘时，研究发现女性角色穿性感衣服的可能性是男性的四倍，被描述为外貌出众的可能性也几乎是男性的四倍。
But their results also indicated films and TV shows with women or people of color in the important jobs behind the scenes---director, producer or writer—tended to have better diversity numbers.
    但他们的结果也表明，由女性或有色人种担任幕后重要职位（如导演、制片人或编剧）的电影和电视节目，其多样性数据往往更好。
Across TV and film, the underrepresentation of non-white characters falls mostly on Hispanics.
    在电视和电影中，非白人角色代表性不足的问题主要集中在拉美裔身上。
Among more than 10,000 characters, proportions of white, black and Asian characters came close to U.
    在超过1万个角色中，白人、黑人和亚裔角色的比例接近美国
S.
    美国
population figures.
    人口数据。
But Hispanics were just 5.
    但拉美裔仅占5.8%
8 percent of characters, despite being about 17 percent of the U.
    8%的角色，尽管他们约占美国人口的17%。
S.
    美国
population.
    人口。
Q12. Why has the Oscars ceremony been criticized?
    为什么奥斯卡颁奖典礼受到批评？
Q13. What do we learn from the research?
    从这项研究中我们了解到了什么？
Q14. Who are regarded as "largely invisible" on TV shows?
    电视节目中哪些人被视为“基本隐形”？
Q15. What does the speaker say about Hispanics?
    说话者关于拉美裔说了什么？

=== RECORDING 1 ===

When purchasing life insurance, there are many important factors to consider: one should buy the policies that give the most protection at the least cost, insure the right family members, and consider the family's financial needs.
    在购买人寿保险时，有许多重要因素需要考虑：应该购买以最低成本提供最大保障的保单，为合适的家庭成员投保，并考虑家庭的财务需求。
It's important to buy the insurance from companies that are financially sound and that are represented by honest, well-trained agents.
    从财务状况稳健且由诚实、训练有素的代理人代表的公司购买保险非常重要。
At various stages in a person's life, different kinds of life insurance are needed for particular situations.
    在一个人生活的不同阶段，针对特定情况需要不同种类的人寿保险。
Jerry is single and has no dependents, probably the only life insurance he needs is enough to cover his debts and burial expenses.
    杰里单身且没有受抚养人，他唯一需要的人寿保险可能就是足以支付其债务和葬礼费用的保险。
Insurance can be purchased at a lower rate during the young years, but by buying while young, the premiums are paid in for a longer period of time.
    年轻时购买保险的费率较低，但在年轻时购买，保费缴纳的时间会更长。
In the end, the amount paid for premiums is about the same.
    最后，支付的保费总额大体相当。
A person shouldn't buy insurance protection that really isn't necessary.
    一个人不应该购买真正没必要的保险保障。
Suppose that Jerry marries Jeannette who is a college graduate and is working.
    假设杰里娶了大学毕业且正在工作的珍妮特。
Perhaps enough insurance would be needed to cover their debts and burial expenses.
    也许需要足够的保险来支付他们的债务和葬礼费用。
Now, Jeannette has quit work and their first child is on the way.
    现在，珍妮特已经辞职，他们的第一个孩子即将出生。
They have purchased a home with a small down payment and a 30-year mortgage.
    他们买了一套房子，付了少量首付款，办理了30年抵押贷款。
The situation regarding life insurance takes on a different look.
    人寿保险的情况发生了变化。
There are dependents who need financial protection.
    有了需要财务保障的受抚养人。
How much insurance is needed?
    需要多少保险？
As the family increases in size, it is essential to add more insurance on the breadwinner to protect the dependents.
    随着家庭规模的扩大，有必要增加养家糊口者的保险额度，以保障受抚养人。
When the children are young and depend upon the family for financial needs, families with modest incomes have difficulty providing enough life insurance to protect the mother and the children.
    当孩子还小且在经济上依赖家庭时，收入适中的家庭很难提供足够的人寿保险来保障母亲和孩子。
Families with modest incomes should insure the breadwinner or breadwinners first.
    收入适中的家庭应该首先为养家糊口的人投保。
When considering the amount of insurance for the mother with dependent children, substitute child care is a need that should be planned for until the children can care for themselves.
    在考虑为有受抚养子女的母亲投保的金额时，应规划代育服务需求，直到孩子能够自理。
The death of a small child would have no effect upon the income of the family.
    小孩的去世不会对家庭收入产生影响。
Perhaps a policy to meet funeral expenses would be sufficient for the young child.
    也许一份涵盖殡葬费用的保单对小孩来说就足够了。
Although most people do not take out insurance on their young children.
    尽管大多数人不会为年幼的孩子购买保险。
As the children become financially independent of the family, the emphasis on family financial security would shift from protection to saving for the retirement years.
    随着孩子在经济上独立于家庭，家庭财务安全的重点将从保障转向为退休后的生活储蓄。
Every family situation is different, but it is important that each family give adequate thought to planning its financial future.
    每个家庭的情况都不同，但重要的是每个家庭都要充分考虑规划其财务未来。
Q16. What life insurance should a single person buy according to the speaker?
    根据说话者的观点，单身人士应该购买什么人寿保险？
Q17. What should people do as their family increases in size?
    随着家庭规模的扩大，人们应该怎么做？
Q18. When should one change their life insurance?
    什么时候应该更改人寿保险？

=== RECORDING 2 ===

"Stereotype" may sound like a bad word, but there's nothing bad about it.
    “刻板印象”听起来可能像个贬义词，但它本身并没有什么不好。
For one thing, stereotypes are often accurate.
    一方面，刻板印象往往是准确的。
When you ask people about their concept of stereotypes, they get it pretty much right.
    当你询问人们对刻板印象的看法时，他们通常说得相当准确。
Also, stereotypes are often positive, particularly of groups that we ourselves belong to.
    此外，刻板印象往往是积极的，特别是对我们自己所属的群体。
Some of the statistical generalizations may be positive as some groups have reputations for being smart, for being loyal, for being brave, for all sorts of things that are not at all negative.
    一些统计学上的概括可能是积极的，因为某些群体以聪明、忠诚、勇敢等著称，这些根本不是负面的。
And so there's nothing inherently wrong about stereotypes.
    所以，刻板印象本身并没有错。
But there are problems with stereotypes.
    但刻板印象也存在问题。
For one thing, they're reliable insofar as they're based on unbiased samples.
    一方面，只要它们是基于无偏样本的，就是可靠的。
But a lot of the information we get about human groups is through biased sources like how they're represented in the media.
    但我们获得的关于人类群体的很多信息都是通过有偏差的渠道获得的，比如媒体对他们的描绘。
And if these sources don't give you an accurate depiction, your stereotype won't be accurate.
    如果这些来源没有给你准确的描绘，你的刻板印象就不会准确。
For example, many Jews have been troubled by Shakespeare's depiction of Shylock.
    例如，许多犹太人一直为莎士比亚对夏洛克的刻画感到困扰。
If the only Jew you know is Shakespeare's Shylock, it's going to be a very bad impression.
    如果你认识的唯一犹太人就是莎士比亚笔下的夏洛克，那会产生非常糟糕的印象。
So one problem with stereotypes is while we are good at drawing conclusions from them, often our information isn't reliable.
    因此，刻板印象的一个问题是，虽然我们擅长从中得出结论，但我们的信息往往并不可靠。
A second problem is that stereotypes, regardless of whether or not they're accurate, can have a negative effect on the people that they apply to.
    第二个问题是，刻板印象无论是否准确，都会对被套用的人产生负面影响。
And this is what psychologist, Claude Steele, described as stereotype threat.
    这就是心理学家克劳德·斯蒂尔所描述的“刻板印象威胁”。
He has a vivid example of this.
    他举了一个生动的例子。
Here's how to make African-Americans do worse on a math test.
    这就是让非裔美国人在数学考试中表现更差的方法。
You have the test and you put on the test that they have to identify their race.
    你在考试时，让他们在卷子上注明自己的种族。
The very act of acknowledging that they are African-American when given a test ignites in them thoughts of their own stereotype, which is negative regarding academics and that makes them do worse.
    在考试时承认自己是非裔美国人这一行为，会引发他们对自己群体的刻板印象，而这种印象在学术方面是负面的，从而导致他们表现得更差。
Want to know how to make a woman do worse on a math test?
    想知道如何让女性在数学考试中表现更差吗？
Same thing, get her to write down her sex.
    同样的方法，让她写下自己的性别。
One recent study found a sort of clever twist on this.
    最近的一项研究发现了一个有趣的转折。
When Asian-American women are given a test and they're asked to mark down their race, they do better than they would otherwise do.
    当亚裔美国女性在考试中被要求标注种族时，她们的表现会比平时更好。
They're reminded of a positive stereotype that boosts their morale.
    她们想到了积极的刻板印象，这提高了她们的士气。
You ask them, on the other hand, to mark down their sex, they do worse because they're reminded of a negative stereotype.
    另一方面，如果你让他们标注性别，她们的表现就会变差，因为她们想到了负面的刻板印象。
That's an example of how stereotypes have a potentially damaging effect on people.
    这就是刻板印象对人具有潜在破坏性影响的一个例子。
Q19. What does the speaker say about stereotypes?
    说话者关于刻板印象说了什么？
Q20. What leads to the bias of stereotypes?
    什么导致了刻板印象的偏见？
Q21. What does the speaker say is a problem with stereotypes?
    说话者认为刻板印象的问题是什么？
Q22. What did one recent study find about stereotypes?
    最近的一项研究关于刻板印象发现了什么？

=== RECORDING 3 ===

Sometimes when you take a common drug, you may have a side effect.
    有时当你服用一种普通药物时，可能会产生副作用。
That is, the drug may cause some effect other than its intended one.
    也就是说，药物可能会产生其预期效果以外的其他效果。
When these side effects occur, they are called "adverse reactions".
    当这些副作用发生时，它们被称为“不良反应”。
Whenever you have an adverse reaction, you should stop taking the drug right away.
    无论何时出现不良反应，你都应该立即停止服药。
Ask your pharmacist whether he can suggest a drug that will relieve the symptoms but that will not cause the adverse reaction.
    询问你的药剂师，他是否能推荐一种既能缓解症状又不会引起不良反应的药物。
If an adverse reaction to a drug is serious, consult your doctor for advice at once.
    如果对药物的不良反应严重，请立即咨询医生的建议。
Drugs that are safe in the dosage stated on the label may be very dangerous in large doses.
    标签上注明剂量安全的药物，在大剂量服用时可能会非常危险。
For example, aspirin is seldom thought of as dangerous, but there are many reports of accidental poisoning of young children who take too many aspirin pills, as well as the possible development of Reye's syndrome in children with the flu.
    例如，阿司匹林很少被认为是危险的，但有很多关于幼儿因服用过多阿司匹林而导致意外中毒的报道，以及患流感的儿童可能患上瑞氏综合征的报道。
In adults, excessive use of some painkilling drugs may cause severe kidney damage.
    在成人中，过度使用某些止痛药可能会导致严重的肾损伤。
Some drugs for relief of stomach upsets, when taken in excess, can perhaps cause serious digestive problems.
    一些缓解胃部不适的药物，如果过量服用，可能会导致严重的消化问题。
You should never use any over-the-counter drug on a regular, continued basis, or in large quantities, except on your doctor's advice.
    除非有医生的建议，否则你不应该定期、持续或大量使用任何非处方药。
You could be suffering from a serious illness that needs a doctor's care.
    你可能患有某种需要医生护理的严重疾病。
Each drug you take not only acts on the body but may also alter the effect of any other drug you are taking.
    你服用的每种药物不仅作用于身体，还可能改变你正在服用的任何其他药物的效果。
Sometimes this can cause dangerous or even fatal reactions.
    有时这会导致危险甚至致命的反应。
For example, aspirin increases the blood-thinning effects of drugs given to patients with heart disease.
    例如，阿司匹林会增强给心脏病患者使用的药物的血液稀释效果。
Therefore, a patient who has been taking such a drug may risk bleeding if he or she uses aspirin for a headache.
    因此，一直服用此类药物的患者如果因头痛服用阿司匹林，可能会有出血风险。
Before using several drugs together you should ask your doctor and follow his advice.
    在同时使用多种药物之前，你应该询问医生并听从他的建议。
Your pharmacist can tell you whether certain drugs can safely be taken together.
    你的药剂师可以告诉你某些药物是否可以安全地同时服用。
Alcohol may increase the effect of a drug—sleeping pills combine with alcohol to produce a sleepy feeling.
    酒精可能会增强药物的效果——安眠药与酒精结合会产生睡意。
When taking any drug, you should ask your doctor whether drinking alcohol could be dangerous in combination with the medicine.
    在服用任何药物时，你都应该询问医生，喝酒是否会与药物结合产生危险。
Experts believe there is a relationship between adult abuse of legitimate medicines and the drug culture that has swept our country.
    专家认为，成人滥用合法药物与席卷我国的毒品文化之间存在某种关系。
You can do your share to reduce the chances that your children will become part of the drug culture by treating all medicines with respect.
    通过谨慎对待所有药物，你可以为减少孩子成为毒品文化一部分的机会尽一份力。
Always let your children know that medicines and drugs should not be used carelessly.
    始终让你的孩子知道，药品和药物不应随意使用。
Q23. What does the speaker say you should do when you have an adverse reaction?
    说话者说当你出现不良反应时应该怎么做？
Q24. What does the speaker say about alcohol drinking?
    说话者关于饮酒说了什么？
Q25. What does the speaker call on parents to do at the end of the talk?
    在谈话结束时，说话者号召父母们做什么？
