
=== CONVERSATION 1 ===

M: And now, for the latter side of the news, Europe is setting an example for the rest of the world when it comes to food waste.
    现在来看新闻的另一方面，在食物浪费方面，欧洲正在为世界其他地区树立榜样。
W: That’s right, John.
    没错，约翰。
W: This week, the Italian government passed legislation that aims to dramatically reduce the amount of food waste in the country.
    本周，意大利政府通过了一项旨在大幅减少该国食物浪费的立法。
W: New laws have been put into place that will make it easier for farms and supermarkets to donate and sell foods to those who are in need.
    新法律已经出台，这将使农场和超市更容易向需要的人捐赠和出售食物。
M: Yes, in an addition to this, businesses will now be rewarded for successful efforts to cut food waste.
    是的，除此之外，企业现在将因成功减少食物浪费而获得奖励。
W: Italy is not the only country to focus on reducing food waste.
    意大利不是唯一一个致力于减少食物浪费的国家。
W: Just earlier this year, the European parliament voted in favor of legislation that would stop grocery giants from unfair trading practices that result in overproduction, thus creating waste.
    就在今年早些时候，欧洲议会投票赞成了一项立法，旨在阻止食品杂货巨头导致生产过剩从而造成浪费的不公平贸易行为。
M: In France, the government has banned supermarkets from throwing away edible foods and imposed harsh penalties on businesses that fail to comply with the regulations.
    在法国，政府已禁止超市扔掉可食用的食物，并对不遵守规定的企业实施严厉处罚。
W: While there is still much progress to be made, other countries could learn a thing or two from the example set by France and Italy.
    尽管还有很多进展要取得，但其他国家可以从法国和意大利树立的榜样中学到一两点。
W: In the United States, up to 40% of all food goes uneaten.
    在美国，高达40%的食物未被食用。
W: Despite the fact that one in seven American households lacks regular access to good food, one major cause of this problem is the confusion over food expiration labels, which are currently not regulated by the government.
    尽管有七分之一的家庭缺乏定期获得优质食物的途径，但造成这个问题的一个主要原因是人们对食品保质期标签感到困惑，而这些标签目前不受政府监管。
M: All this could change soon.
    这一切可能很快就会改变。
M: This wave of new laws in Europe will definitely put more pressure on law makers to reduce food waste here.
    欧洲这股新法律浪潮无疑将给这里的立法者施加更大的压力，要求他们减少食物浪费。
M: We turn now to a spokesperson from Harvard University’s Food Law and Policy Clinic for more on the story.
    现在，我们转向哈佛大学食品法律与政策诊所的一位发言人，了解更多关于这则新闻的情况。
M: And now, let’s welcome professor Edward Baker to speak to us.
    现在，让我们欢迎爱德华·贝克教授为我们演讲。
Q1. What does the woman say about the new laws in Italy?
    关于意大利的新法律，这位女士说了什么？
Q2. What did the European parliament do to reduce food waste?
    欧洲议会为减少食物浪费做了什么？
Q3. What has the French government done recently?
    法国政府最近做了什么？
Q4. What is the major cause of food waste in the United States?
    美国食物浪费的主要原因是什么？

=== CONVERSATION 2 ===

M: Thank you for calling the South Avenue Department Store.
    感谢您致电南大街百货商店。
M: How can I be assistant to you today?
    今天我能为您提供什么帮助？
W: Hello.
    你好。
W: I was in your store this past weekend and bought a few items.
    上周末我去了你们的商店，买了几件商品。
W: Yesterday, my friend told me that the annual anniversary sales had begun.
    昨天，我朋友告诉我年度周年店庆促销已经开始了。
W: It turned out she bought the same sweater as I did but for a much lower price.
    原来她买了和我一样的毛衣，但价格要低得多。
M: Yes.
    是的。
M: Our annual anniversary sales started on Monday.
    我们的年度周年店庆促销是周一开始的。
M: We do offer price adjustments for seven days of purchase to ensure our customers’ satisfaction.
    我们确实提供购买后七天内的价格调整，以确保客户的满意度。
M: You said you did the purchase here this past weekend?
    您说您是上周末在这里买的吗？
W: Yes.
    是的。
W: I was shopping in your store last Sunday afternoon.
    我上周日下午在你们商店购物。
M: That would definitely fall within the price adjustment window.
    那肯定在价格调整的期限内。
M: Do you have an account with us?
    您在我们这里有账户吗？
M: We can credit your account directly with the difference if you wish.
    如果您愿意，我们可以将差价直接记入您的账户。
M: Otherwise, we can send a gift card by mail if you prefer.
    否则，如果您更喜欢的话，我们可以通过邮件寄送礼品卡。
W: Crediting my account will be wonderful.
    记入我的账户就太好了。
W: Thank you.
    谢谢。
W: Now, you’ve mentioned that there is a sale going on.
    现在，您提到正在进行促销活动。
W: I do remember a dress I quietly like when I was in the shop on Sunday.
    我确实记得周日在店里时我非常喜欢的一条裙子。
W: Is it on offer as well?
    它也在打折吗？
M: Yes, ma’am.
    是的，女士。
M: All the new arrivals are 15-20% off.
    所有新品都打八到八五折。
M: In addition to the sale, we are running a promotion for complementary tailoring if needed.
    除了促销活动，我们还在进行一项免费裁剪的推广活动（如果需要的话）。
W: That’s good news.
    那真是个好消息。
W: The dress really caught my eye but I did have some concerns about the length.
    那条裙子真的很吸引我，但我对它的长度有些顾虑。
W: How long will your alteration take?
    你们的修改需要多长时间？
M: Our tailoring department guarantees alteration to be completed within five working days.
    我们的裁剪部门保证在五个工作日内完成修改。
M: If you like, I can send a size for you.
    如果您愿意，我可以为您预留一个尺码。
M: If you are able to come this afternoon, you can give your name to the sales manager.
    如果您今天下午能来，您可以把名字告诉销售经理。
M: And they will be able to assist you.
    他们就能协助您了。
Q5. What do we learn about the South Avenue Department Store?
    关于南大街百货商店我们了解到了什么？
Q6. What did the man say about the store’s offers?
    关于商店的优惠，这位男士说了什么？
Q7. What did the woman want the store to do to address the price difference?
    女士希望商店怎么做来处理价格差异？
Q8. What is the service the department store offers in addition to the promotion sale?
    除了促销活动外，这家百货商店还提供什么服务？

=== PASSAGE 1 ===

Barbie dolls have a particular look to them.
    芭比娃娃有其独特的外观。
They are thin, tall, long legged and virtually unlike any real human being.
    她们身材苗条、高挑、长腿，几乎不像任何真实的人类。
Although, over the years, barbies had more than 180 different careers, including football coach, sign language teacher, ambassador, president and astronaut.
    虽然多年来，芭比娃娃有180多种不同的职业，包括足球教练、手语老师、大使、总统和宇航员。
Her body shape hasn’t changed much.
    但她的体型并没有太大变化。
Last year, MATEL, the company that makes Barbie dolls, added some barbies to its line to have a different skin tones and hair textures.
    去年，生产芭比娃娃的美泰公司在其产品线中增加了一些不同肤色和发质的芭比娃娃。
There are now barbies 17 skin tones, 22 eye colours and 24 hair styles that choose from.
    现在有17种肤色、22种眼睛颜色和24种发型的芭比娃娃可供选择。
Last year, MATEL also gave barbie a flat foot rather than 4 fingers to be in heels all the time like original barbie is.
    去年，美泰公司还给了芭比娃娃一双平底脚，而不是像原版芭比那样一直被迫穿高跟鞋。
Now, they are introducing new barbies with 3 slightly different body shapes.
    现在，他们正在推出3种体型略有不同的新芭比娃娃。
On the original, tall and thin barbies would continue to be sold.
    除此之外，原版的高瘦芭比娃娃将继续销售。
In the statement on its website, the company says, it wants barbies to look more like a real people and to give girls everywhere, infinitely more ways that spark their imagination and play out the stories.
    公司在其网站的一份声明中表示，它希望芭比娃娃看起来更像真实的人，并为世界各地的女孩提供无限多的方式来激发她们的想象力并演绎故事。
Although many people say the new barbies are stepping in the right direction.
    虽然许多人说新的芭比娃娃正朝着正确的方向迈进。
Some people say they don’t go far enough.
    但也有人说她们做得还不够。
They say the new Barbie shapes could be even more different from the original tall-thin barbies.
    他们说新的芭比娃娃体型可以与最初的高瘦芭比有更大的不同。
Sales of Barbie dolls has been falling every years since 2005 according to CBC news.
    据加拿大广播公司新闻报道，自2005年以来，芭比娃娃的销量每年都在下降。
The toys aren’t in stores yet, but they will be sold online at the Barbie website starting this week for 9 dollars and 99 cents.
    这些玩具还没有在商店上市，但将从本周开始在芭比网站上在线销售，价格为9.99美元。
Q9. What do we know about the original Barbie dolls?
    关于最初的芭比娃娃，我们知道些什么？
Q10. Why do some people feel unsatisfied with new Barbie dolls?
    为什么有些人对新的芭比娃娃感到不满意？
Q11. Where will the new Barbie dolls be sold first?
    新的芭比娃娃将首先在哪里销售？

=== PASSAGE 2 ===

The earliest printed book we known today appeared in China in the year 868, and metal type was used in Korea at the beginning of the fifteen century, but it was in Germany around the year 1415, that the printing press used in movable metal type was invented.
    我们今天所知的最早的印刷书籍于公元868年出现在中国，而金属活字在15世纪初在韩国被使用，但正是大约在1415年的德国，发明了使用金属活字的印刷机。
Capitalism turned printing from an invention into an industry, right from the start, book printing in publishing were organized on capitalist lines, the biggest sixteen century printer had 24 printing presses and employed more than a hundred workers, only a small faction of the population was literate, but production of books grow as an extraordinary speed.
    资本主义将印刷术从一项发明变成了一个产业，从一开始，出版业的图书印刷就是按资本主义方式组织的，16世纪最大的印刷商拥有24台印刷机，雇佣了100多名工人，尽管只有一小部分人口识字，但书籍的产量却以惊人的速度增长。
By 1500 some 20 million volumes had already been printed, the immediate factors printing was to increase the circulation of works that were already popular in the hand-written form, while less popular works went out of circulation.
    到了1500年，大约有2000万卷书籍被印刷出来，印刷的直接影响是增加了原本在手写形式中就很受欢迎的作品的发行量，而不太受欢迎的作品则退出了流通。
Publishers were interested only in books that were sold very quickly in sufficient numbers to cover the costs of production and make profit.
    出版商只对那些卖得很快、数量足以支付生产成本并赚取利润的书籍感兴趣。
Thus, while printing enormously increased access to books by making cheap, high volume production possible, it also reduces choice.
    因此，虽然印刷术通过使廉价、大批量生产成为可能，极大地增加了获取书籍的途径，但它也减少了选择。
The great culture impact of printing was facilitated the growth of national languages, most early books were printed in Latin, but the mark for Latin was limited, and it is pursuit of large markets, the book trade soon produced translation into the national languages, and merging at that time.
    印刷术的巨大文化影响促进了民族语言的发展，大多数早期的书籍是用拉丁语印刷的，但拉丁语的市场是有限的，为了追求大市场，图书贸易很快就产生了对当时正在融合的民族语言的翻译。
Printing indeed played the key role in standardizing and stabilizing this languages by fixing them print and producing dictionaries and grammar books.
    通过将它们固定在印刷品中并制作词典和语法书，印刷术确实在标准化和稳定这些语言方面发挥了关键作用。
Q12. What happened in Germany around the 1415?
    大约在1415年的德国发生了什么？
Q13. What does the speaker say about the biggest 16th century printer?
    关于16世纪最大的印刷商，演讲者说了什么？
Q14. What is the immediate affect of the printing?
    印刷的直接影响是什么？
Q15. What was the great culture impact the printing?
    印刷术带来了什么巨大的文化影响？

=== RECORDING 1 ===

You dream about being a movie star.
    你梦想成为一名电影明星。
You live in a big house in Hollywood, go to the Oscars every year, and win.
    你住在好莱坞的一所大房子里，每年都参加奥斯卡颁奖典礼，并且获奖。
You will be rich and famous.
    你将变得富有且出名。
Wait a minute.
    等一下。
You also hate having your photos taken and you are very shy.
    你讨厌拍照，而且非常害羞。
So how could you ever become a movie star?
    那你怎么可能成为电影明星呢？
Choosing a right career can be hard.
    选择正确的职业可能很困难。
Many people graduate from school or college not knowing what they want to do with their lives and get a job without really thinking about it.
    许多人从学校或大学毕业时不知道自己一生想做什么，也没有真正考虑过就找了一份工作。
For some, things work out fine.
    对一些人来说，事情进展得很顺利。
But others often find themselves stuck in a job they hate.
    但另一些人经常发现自己陷入了一份讨厌的工作中。
Your working life lasts in average 40 years, so it’s important to find a job you like and feel enthusiastic about.
    你的工作生涯平均持续40年，因此找到一份你喜欢并充满热情的工作很重要。
Luckily, there are many ways you can get help to do this.
    幸运的是，有很多方法可以帮助你做到这一点。
The Australian website WWW.
    澳大利亚网站WWW。
Careers online.
    在线职业。
com, compares choosing a career with going to the movies.
    com，将选择职业与看电影进行了比较。
Before you see a movie, you find out what films are showing.
    在看电影之前，你会先了解正在放映什么电影。
The site suggests you should do the same with your career.
    该网站建议你在对待职业时也应该这样做。
Find out what jobs are available and what your options are.
    了解有哪些可用的工作以及你的选择是什么。
Next, decide which movie you like best.
    接下来，决定你最喜欢哪部电影。
If you are not a romantic person, you won’t want to see a love story.
    如果你不是一个浪漫的人，你不会想看爱情故事。
In other words, with your career, you should decide which job will suit your personality.
    换句话说，对于你的职业，你应该决定哪份工作适合你的个性。
Finally, decide how to get movie tickets and find out where the theater is before you go.
    最后，在去之前决定如何买电影票，并弄清楚电影院在哪里。
With your career, you need to find information about where you can work and how to get a job in that profession.
    对于你的职业，你需要找到关于你可以在哪里工作以及如何在该行业找到工作的信息。
So, how do you start?
    那么，你该如何开始呢？
Begin by asking yourself some questions, certain life experiences.
    从问自己一些问题、某些生活经历开始。
Have you travelled overseas?
    你有过海外旅行的经历吗？
Do you have any extra certificates at your degree?
    除了学位，你还有其他额外的证书吗？
Such as the first aid license, for example.
    例如，像急救证书这样的。
Your physical state and build can also affect which jobs you can do.
    你的身体状况和体格也会影响你能做哪些工作。
A person, for example, who is allergic to cats will probably never become an animal doctor.
    例如，一个对猫过敏的人可能永远不会成为兽医。
Flight attendants, firefighters and police officers have to be over a certain height and be physically fit.
    空乘人员、消防员和警察必须达到一定身高并且身体健康。
Your personality matters too.
    你的个性也很重要。
Are you outgoing or shy?
    你是外向还是害羞？
If you like working alone, a job that requires lots of team work might not suit you.
    如果你喜欢独自工作，需要大量团队合作的工作可能不适合你。
Choosing a career can take time and a lot of thought.
    选择职业可能需要时间和大量的思考。
However, when you know you can look forward to working in your dream job, you will be glad you thought it through.
    然而，当你知道你可以期待在你梦想的工作中工作时，你会庆幸你经过了深思熟虑。
Q16. What does the speaker say about many college graduates?
    关于许多大学毕业生，演讲者说了什么？
Q17. What does the Australia website suggest you do first to find a suitable job?
    澳大利亚网站建议你为了找到合适的工作首先做什么？
Q18. What should you think about when you look for the right job according to the Australian website?
    根据澳大利亚网站，你在寻找合适的工作时应该考虑什么？

=== RECORDING 2 ===

Kwanzaa is a cultural festival, during which African-American celebrate and reflect upon their rich heritage as the products of the two worlds.
    宽扎节是一个文化节日，在此期间，非裔美国人庆祝并反思他们作为这两个世界产物的丰富遗产。
It begins December 26th and last for seven days.
    它从12月26日开始，持续七天。
Kwanzaa was founded in 1966 by Dr. Karenga, a college professor and African-American leader, who believed that a special holiday could help African Americans meet their goals of building strong families, learning about their history and creating a sense of unity.
    宽扎节是由大学教授、非裔美国人领袖卡伦加博士于1966年创立的，他认为一个特殊的节日可以帮助非裔美国人实现建立强大核心家庭、了解自己的历史以及创造团结感的目标。
After conducting extensive research in which he studied the festivals of many African groups of people, he decided that the new holiday should be a harvest or first fruit’s celebration.
    在进行了广泛的研究，研究了许多非洲人群体的节日之后，他决定这个新节日应该是一个庆祝丰收或首批果实的节日。
In cooperating ideas from many different harvest traditions.
    在融合了许多不同丰收传统的思想之后。
Kwanzaa is a Swahili word meaning the first fruits of the harvest.
    宽扎（Kwanzaa）是一个斯瓦希里语单词，意思是丰收的首批果实。
The east African language of Swahili was chosen as an official language of Kwanzaa.
    东非的斯瓦希里语被选为宽扎节的官方语言。
Because it is a non-tribal language spoken by a large portion of the African population.
    因为它是一种非部落语言，有很大一部分非洲人口在使用。
Also its pronunciation is easy.
    而且它的发音很容易。
Kwanzaa is based on seven principles which are unity, self-determination, collective work and responsibility, cooperative economics, purpose, creativity and faith.
    宽扎节基于七个原则：团结、自决、集体工作和责任、合作经济、目的、创造力和信仰。
One principal is highlighted each day of the holiday.
    在节日的每一天都会强调一个原则。
In preparation for the celebration, a straw mat is placed on the table.
    在准备庆祝活动时，桌子上会放一张草席。
Along with the candle holder with seven candles.
    旁边放着一个插有七根蜡烛的烛台。
One black, three red and three green.
    一根黑色的，三根红色的，三根绿色的。
The black candle represents the African-American people.
    黑色的蜡烛代表非裔美国人。
The red is for their struggles, and the green represents their hopes for their future.
    红色代表他们的奋斗，绿色代表他们对未来的希望。
Other items placed on our table are a variety of fruit, gifts and communal unity cup for pouring and sharing drinks.
    桌子上摆放的其他物品还有各种水果、礼物和一个用于倒饮料和分享的公共团结杯。
Each day of Kwanzaa usually before the evening meal，family and friends gather around the table and someone lights the candle beginning with the black.
    在宽扎节的每一天，通常在晚餐前，家人和朋友聚集在桌旁，有人会点燃蜡烛，从黑色的开始。
After that，candles are lit alternatively from left to right.
    之后，蜡烛从左到右交替点燃。
While the candles is being lit, a principal is recited then each person present takes turn to speak about the importance that the principle has to himself or herself.
    在点燃蜡烛时，会背诵一个原则，然后在场的每个人轮流讲述该原则对自己个人的重要性。
Next, the ceremony focuses on remembering those who've died.
    接下来，仪式的重点是缅怀那些已经去世的人。
A selected person pours water or juice from the unity cup into a bowl.
    选定的一位人员将水或果汁从团结杯倒入碗中。
That person then drinks from the cup and raises it high saying “Harambee”，which means that let’s all pull together.
    然后那个人从杯子里喝一口，高高举起杯子说“Harambee”，意思是让我们齐心协力。
All repeat “Harambee” seven times and each person drinks from the cup.
    所有人重复“Harambee”七次，每个人都从杯子里喝一口。
Then they call out names of African American leaders and heroes and everyone reflects upon the great things these people did.
    然后他们喊出非裔美国领导人和英雄的名字，每个人都反思这些人所做的伟大事情。
The ceremony is followed by a meal, and then singing and perhaps listening to African music.
    仪式之后是用餐，然后是唱歌，也许还有听非洲音乐。
Q19. What does the speaker say about Kwanzaa?
    关于宽扎节，演讲者说了什么？
Q20. For what purpose did Doctor Karenga create the special holiday?
    卡伦加博士创立这个特殊节日的目的是什么？
Q21. What does the word Kwanzaa mean?
    宽扎节这个词是什么意思？
Q22. What do people do while each candle is being lit at the Kwanzaa celebration?
    在宽扎节庆祝活动中点燃每根蜡烛时人们会做什么？

=== RECORDING 3 ===

The Mediterranean diet is based upon the eating patterns of traditional cultures in the Mediterranean region.
    地中海饮食是基于地中海地区传统文化的饮食模式。
Several noted nutritionists in research projects have concluded that this diet is one of the most healthful in the world in terms of preventing such illnesses as heart disease and cancer and increasing life expectancy.
    在几个研究项目中，几位著名的营养学家得出结论，这种饮食在预防心脏病和癌症等疾病以及延长预期寿命方面是世界上最健康的饮食之一。
The countries that have inspired Mediterranean diet all surround the Mediterranean Sea.
    激发地中海饮食灵感的国家都围绕着地中海。
These cultures have eating habits that developed over thousands of years.
    这些文化有着经过几千年发展起来的饮食习惯。
In Europe, parts of Italy, Greece, Portugal, Spain and southern France adhere to principles of the Mediterranean diet as do Morocco and Tunisia in North Africa.
    在欧洲，意大利、希腊、葡萄牙、西班牙和法国南部的部分地区遵循地中海饮食原则，北非的摩洛哥和突尼斯也是如此。
Parts of the Balkan region and turkey follow the diet as well as middle eastern countries like Lebanon and Syria, the Mediterranean region is warm and sunny and produces large supplies of fresh fruits and vegetables almost a year round that the people eat many times a day.
    巴尔干地区和土耳其的部分地区也遵循这种饮食，中东国家如黎巴嫩和叙利亚也是如此，地中海地区气候温暖、阳光充足，几乎全年都出产大量的新鲜水果和蔬菜，人们一天吃好几次。
Wine, bread, olive oil and nuts are other staples of the region.
    葡萄酒、面包、橄榄油和坚果是该地区的其他主食。
In the Mediterranean sea has historically yielded abundant quantities of fish.
    在地中海，历史上就出产了大量的鱼类。
International interest in therapeutic qualities of Mediterranean diet began back in the late nineteen fifties.
    国际上对地中海饮食的治疗特性的兴趣始于20世纪50年代末。
When medical researchers started to link the currency of heart disease with diet, Doctor Ancel Keys performed the epidemiological analysis of diets around the world.
    当医学研究人员开始将心脏病的流行与饮食联系起来时，安塞尔·基斯博士对世界各地的饮食进行了流行病学分析。
Entitled the Seven Countries Study, it is considered one of the greatest studies of its kind ever performed.
    该研究名为“七国研究”，被认为是有史以来同类研究中最伟大的一项。
In it, Keys gathered data on heart disease in its potential causes from nearly thirty thousand men in Greece, Italy, Croatia, Serbia, Japan, Finland, the Netherlands and the United States.
    在这项研究中，基斯收集了来自希腊、意大利、克罗地亚、塞尔维亚、日本、芬兰、荷兰和美国的近三万名男性的心脏病及其潜在原因的数据。
The study was conducted over period of decades.
    这项研究进行了几十年。
It concluded that the Mediterranean people in the study enjoyed some significant health advantages.
    研究得出结论，研究中的地中海人民享有一些显著的健康优势。
The Mediterranean groups have lower mortality rates in all age brackets in form of all causes particularly from heart disease.
    地中海群体在各个年龄段死于所有原因，特别是死于心脏病的死亡率都较低。
The study also showed that the Mediterranean diet is as high as or higher in fat than other diets, obtaining up to forty percent of all its calories from fat.
    研究还表明，地中海饮食的脂肪含量与其他饮食一样高或更高，其所有卡路里中高达百分之四十来自脂肪。
It has however, different patterns of fat intake.
    然而，它有着不同的脂肪摄入模式。
Mediterranean cooking, uses smaller amounts of saturated fat and higher amount of unsaturated fat, mostly in form of olive oil.
    地中海烹饪使用较少的饱和脂肪和较多的不饱和脂肪，主要以橄榄油的形式存在。
Saturated fats are fats are found principally in meat and dairy products, although some nuts in vegetable oils also contain them.
    饱和脂肪主要是指肉类和乳制品中的脂肪，尽管一些坚果和植物油中也含有它们。
Saturated fats are used by the body to make cholesterol in high levels of cholesterol has since been directly related to heart disease.
    饱和脂肪被身体用来制造胆固醇，而高水平的胆固醇已被证实与心脏病直接相关。
Q23. What has research concluded about the Mediterranean diet?
    关于地中海饮食，研究得出了什么结论？
Q24. What do we learn about the seven countries study?
    关于“七国研究”，我们了解到什么？
Q25. What do we learn about the Mediterranean people from the seven countries study?
    从“七国研究”中，我们了解到地中海人民的什么情况？
