Section 4. You will hear part of a lecture about bees in cities. First you have some time to look at questions thirty one to forty.

In this lecture I want to look at an unexpected result from urban ecology. When people think about wildlife in cities, they usually think about species that are losing ground, and in most cases they are right. But bees appear to be an exception. Several studies in Europe and North America have found that bees in cities can be more productive than bees in the surrounding countryside. There are three main reasons. The first is temperature. Cities are warmer than the countryside, often by two or three degrees, because buildings and roads store heat during the day and release it at night. A warmer city means a longer flowering season, and a longer season means more time to collect food. The second reason is variety. A garden, a park and a railway embankment may each hold different plants, and a single city can therefore offer flowers over a longer period than a large field of one crop. The third reason is the absence of pesticides. Farmland is treated, but city gardens usually are not. Now, this does not mean that cities are good for all insects. The same studies show a sharp fall in the number of butterfly species in city centres. Butterflies need large continuous areas of a particular plant, and cities are fragmented. So the lesson is not that cities are better than the countryside. The lesson is that different insects respond to different features of the landscape, and that a city can be a refuge for one group while it is a barrier for another. We should also be careful about how we measure success. Counting the honey produced by a hive is convenient, but it tells us about one species only. If we want to know whether a city is good for pollinators in general, we need to count wild species as well, and that is much slower work. Question thirty one. What is the unexpected finding about bees in cities? Question thirty two. By how much are cities usually warmer than the countryside? Question thirty three. What does a longer flowering season allow bees to do? Question thirty four. What is the second reason for the success of city bees? Question thirty five. What is the third reason? Question thirty six. What has happened to butterfly species in city centres? Question thirty seven. What do butterflies need that cities lack? Question thirty eight. Why is counting honey a limited measure? Question thirty nine. What should researchers count as well? Question forty. What is the main lesson of the lecture?
