
=== CONVERSATION 1 ===

M: Excuse me.
    打扰一下。
M: Where’s your rock music section?
    你们的摇滚乐区域在哪里？
W: Rock music?
    摇滚乐？
W: I’m sorry, we’re a Jazz store.
    抱歉，我们是一家爵士乐店。
W: We don’t have any rock and roll.
    我们这里没有任何摇滚乐。
M: Oh, you only have Jazz music, nothing else.
    哦，你们只有爵士乐，没有别的。
W: That’s right.
    没错。
W: We’re the only record store in London dedicated exclusively to Jazz.
    我们是伦敦唯一一家专门经营爵士乐的唱片店。
W: Actually, we’re more than just a record store.
    实际上，我们不仅仅是一家唱片店。
W: We have a cafe and library upstairs and a ticket office down the hall where you can buy tickets to all the major Jazz concerts in the city.
    我们楼上有咖啡馆和图书馆，走廊尽头有一个售票处，你可以在那里买到市内所有主要爵士音乐会的门票。
W: Also we have our own studio next door where reproduce albums for up and coming artists.
    此外，我们隔壁还有自己的录音室，为崭露头角的艺术家制作专辑。
W: We are committed to fostering new music talent.
    我们致力于培养新的音乐人才。
M: Wow, that’s so cool.
    哇，太酷了。
M: I guess there’s not much of a Jazz scene anymore.
    我想现在爵士乐已经不多见了。
M: Not like they used to be.
    不像以前那样了。
M: But here you’re trying to promote this great music genre.
    但在这里，你们正在努力推广这种伟大的音乐流派。
W: Yes.
    是的。
W: Indeed, nowadays most people like to listen to pop and rock music.
    确实，现在大多数人喜欢听流行音乐和摇滚乐。
W: Hip hop music from America is also getting more and more popular.
    来自美国的嘻哈音乐也越来越受欢迎。
W: So as a result, there are fewer listeners of Jazz, which is a great shame because it’s an incredibly rich genre.
    因此，爵士乐的听众越来越少，这真是一件憾事，因为它是一种极其丰富的流派。
W: But that’s not to say there isn’t any good new Jazz music being made out there anymore.
    但并不是说现在就没有好的新爵士乐作品了。
W: Far from it.
    远非如此。
W: It’s just a much smaller market today.
    只是现在的市场小了很多。
M: So how would you define Jazz?
    那么，你会如何定义爵士乐呢？
W: Interestingly enough, there’s no agreed upon definition of Jazz.
    有趣的是，爵士乐并没有一个统一的定义。
W: Indeed, there are many different styles of Jazz, some have singing, but most don’t.
    事实上，爵士乐有很多不同的风格，有些有演唱，但大多数没有。
W: Some are electric and some aren’t.
    有些是电子的，有些则不是。
W: Some contain live experimentation, but not always.
    有些包含现场实验，但并非总是如此。
W: While there’s no simple definition for it.
    虽然它没有简单的定义。
W: Allow, there are many different styles of Jazz.
    虽然，爵士乐有很多不同的风格。
W: You simply know it when you hear it.
    你只要一听就能辨认出来。
W: Honestly.
    诚实地说。
W: The only way to know what Jazz is, listen to it yourself.
    了解什么是爵士乐的唯一方法，就是亲自去听。
W: As the great trumpet player.
    正如伟大的小号手。
W: Louis Armstrong said, if you’ve got to ask, you’ll never know.
    路易斯·阿姆斯特朗所说，如果你非要问，你永远不会明白。
Q1. What do we learn about the woman’s store?
    关于这位女士的店，我们了解到了什么？
Q2. What does the man say about Jazz music?
    关于爵士乐，这位男士说了什么？
Q3. What does the woman say about Jazz?
    关于爵士乐，这位女士说了什么？
Q4. What should you do to appreciate different styles of Jazz according to the woman?
    根据这位女士的说法，你应该怎么做来欣赏不同风格的爵士乐？

=== CONVERSATION 2 ===

M: How did it go at the bank this morning?
    今天早上在银行的情况怎么样？
W: Not well.
    不太好。
W: My proposal was rejected.
    我的提议被拒绝了。
M: Really?
    真的吗？
M: But why?
    但为什么呢？
W: Bunch of reasons.
    有很多原因。
W: For starters, they said my credit history was not good enough.
    首先，他们说我的信用记录不够好。
M: Did they say how you could improve that?
    他们有没有说你可以如何改善？
W: Yes, they said that after five more years of paying my mortgage, then I will become a more viable candidate for a business loan.
    是的，他们说再还五年房贷后，我将成为更有希望获得商业贷款的人选。
W: But right now it’s too risky for them to lend me money.
    但现在对他们来说，借钱给我太冒险了。
W: They fear I will default on any business loan I’m given.
    他们担心我会拖欠任何发给我的商业贷款。
M: That doesn’t sound fair.
    这听起来不公平。
M: Your business idea is amazing.
    你的商业点子很棒。
M: Did you show them your business plan?
    你给他们看你的商业计划书了吗？
M: What did they say?
    他们怎么说？
W: They didn’t really articulate any position regarding the actual business plan.
    他们并没有真正就实际的商业计划发表任何看法。
W: They simply looked at my credit history and determined it was not good enough.
    他们只是看了我的信用记录，就认定不够好。
W: They said the bank has strict guidelines and requirements as to who they can lend money to.
    他们说银行对于可以放贷的对象有严格的指导方针和要求。
W: And I simply don’t meet their financial threshold.
    而我根本没有达到他们的财务门槛。
M: What if you ask for a smaller amount?
    如果你申请小一点的金额呢？
M: Maybe you could gather capital from other sources, smaller loans from more lenders.
    或许你可以从其他渠道筹集资金，从更多的贷款机构获得小额贷款。
W: You don’t get it.
    你不明白。
W: It doesn’t matter the size of the loan I ask for, or the type of business I propose.
    无论我申请多大的贷款，或者我提议什么样的业务，这都不重要。
W: That’s all inconsequential.
    那都是无关紧要的。
W: The first thing every bank will do is study how much money I have and how much debt I have before they decide whether or not to lend me any more money.
    每家银行首先要做的是研究我有多少钱以及我有多少债务，然后再决定是否再借钱给我。
W: If I want to continue ahead with this dream of only my own business, I have no other choice.
    如果我想继续实现拥有自己事业的梦想，我别无选择。
W: But to build up my own finances, I need around 20% more in personal savings and 50% less debt.
    除了增强我自己的财力，我还需要增加大约20%的个人储蓄，并减少50%的债务。
W: That’s all there is to it.
    事情就是这样。
M: I see now.
    我明白了。
M: Well, it’s a huge pity that they rejected your request, but don’t lose hope.
    嗯，他们拒绝了你的请求真是非常遗憾，但不要失去希望。
M: I still think that your idea is great and that you would turn it into a phenomenal success.
    我仍然认为你的点子很棒，你会把它变成巨大的成功。
Q5. What did the woman do this morning?
    这位女士今天早上做了什么？
Q6. Why was the woman’s proposal rejected?
    为什么这位女士的提议被拒绝了？
Q7. What is the woman planning to do?
    这位女士计划做什么？
Q8. What does the man suggest the woman do?
    这位男士建议这位女士做什么？

=== PASSAGE 1 ===

There’s a lot about Leo Sanchez and his farm in Salinas, California.
    有很多关于里奥·桑切斯和他位于加利福尼亚州萨利纳斯的农场的信息。
That seems unusual.
    那看起来很不寻常。
The national average farm size is around 440 acres, but his is only one acre.
    全国平均农场面积约为440英亩，但他的只有1英亩。
The average age of farmers hovers around 58 years old, but he is just 26.
    农民的平均年龄在58岁左右，而他只有26岁。
And Sanchez constantly attempts to improve everything from seeding techniques out in the field to the promotion and sale of his produce online.
    桑切斯不断尝试改进每一项工作，从田间的播种技术到农产品的在线推广和销售。
This is evidence of an experimental approach.
    这就是实验性方法的证据。
It’s an approach not dictated by the confines of conventional large scale agriculture lead by international corporations.
    这种方法不受国际公司主导的传统大规模农业的限制。
While farming is often difficult for both the body and mind, Sanchez says he and many of his fellow young farmers are motivated by desire to set a new standard for agriculture.
    虽然务农往往对身心都是一种挑战，但桑切斯说，他和许多年轻同仁都是受建立农业新标准的愿望所驱使。
Many of them are employing a multitude of technologies, some new and some not so new.
    他们中的许多人正在使用多种技术，有些是新的，有些则不那么新。
Recently, Sanchez bought a hand operated tool which pulls out weeds and loosen soil.
    最近，桑切斯购买了一种用于除草和松土的手动工具。
It actually dates back to at least 1701.
    它实际上至少可以追溯到1701年。
It stands in sharp contrast to Sanchez’s other gadget, a gas powered flame rekiller, invented in 1997.
    这与桑切斯的另一个装置形成了鲜明对比，那是一个发明于1997年的燃气火焰除草机。
He simply doesn’t discriminate when it comes to the newness of tools.
    在工具的新旧程度上，他完全没有偏见。
If it works, it works.
    只要管用就行。
Farmers have a long history of invention and is no different today.
    农民有着悠久的发明历史，今天也不例外。
Young farmers are guided by their love for agriculture and aided by their knowledge of technology to find inexpensive and appropriately sized tools.
    年轻农民在对农业的热爱指引下，并借助他们的技术知识，寻找廉价且尺寸合适的工具。
They collaborate and innovate.
    他们合作并创新。
Sometimes the old stuff just works better or more efficiently.
    有时候，老式的东西反而效果更好或效率更高。
Q9. What do we learn about Leo Sanchez’s farm?
    关于里奥·桑切斯的农场，我们了解到了什么？
Q10. What has motivated Leo Sanchez and his fellow young farmers to engage in farming?
    是什么激励里奥·桑切斯和他的年轻同仁从事农业？
Q11. Why did Leo Sanchez buy a hand operated weeding tool?
    为什么里奥·桑切斯买了一个手动除草工具？

=== PASSAGE 2 ===

Eat Grub is Britain’s first new food company that breaks western food boundaries by introducing edible insects as a new source of food.
    Eat Grub是英国第一家打破西方饮食界限，引入食用昆虫作为新食物来源的新型食品公司。
And Sainz Breeze is the first UK supermarket to stock the company’s crunchy roasted crickets.
    Sainsbury’s是英国第一家进货该公司松脆烤蟋蟀的超市。
Sainz Breeze insist that such food is no joke and could be a new, sustainable source of protein.
    Sainsbury’s坚持认为这种食物不是玩笑，它可能是一种新型的、可持续的蛋白质来源。
Out of curiosity, I paid a visit to Sainz Breeze as I put my hand into a packet of crickets with their tiny eyes and legs.
    出于好奇，我去了Sainsbury’s，当我把手伸进一包长着细小眼睛和腿的蟋蟀时。
The idea of one going in my mouth made me feel a little sick.
    想到要把一只放进嘴里，我就感到有点恶心。
But the first bite was a pleasant surprise, a little dry and lacking of taste, but at least a wing didn’t get stuck in my throat.
    但第一口却是个惊喜，虽然有点干且缺乏味道，但至少翅膀没卡在我的嗓子里。
The roasted seasoning largely overpowered any other flavour, although there was slightly bitter after taste.
    烧烤调味料很大程度上掩盖了其他任何味道，尽管还有一点点苦的余味。
The texture is crunchy, but smelt a little of cat food.
    口感很脆，但闻起来有点像猫粮。
Eat Grub also recommends the crickets as a topping for noodles, soups and salads.
    Eat Grub还推荐将蟋蟀作为面条、汤和沙拉的配料。
The company boasts that its dried crickets contain more protein than beef, chicken, and pork, as well as minerals like iron and calcium.
    该公司吹嘘其干蟋蟀所含的蛋白质比牛肉、鸡肉和猪肉还要多，此外还含有铁和钙等矿物质。
Unlike the production of meat, bugs do not use up large amounts of land, water or feed.
    与肉类生产不同，昆虫不会消耗大量的土地、水或饲料。
And insect farming also produces far fewer greenhouse gases.
    而且昆虫养殖产生的温室气体也少得多。
However, despite 2 billion people worldwide already supplementing their diet with insects, consumer disgust remains a large barrier in many western countries.
    然而，尽管全球已有20亿人在饮食中补充昆虫，但在许多西方国家，消费者的厌恶情绪仍然是一个巨大的障碍。
I’m not sure bugs will become a popular snack anytime soon, but they’re definitely food for fort.
    我不确定昆虫是否会很快成为流行零食，但它们绝对值得思考。
Q12. What do we learn from the passage about the food company Eat Grub?
    关于Eat Grub食品公司，我们从短文中了解到了什么？
Q13. What does the speaker say about his first bite a roasted crickets?
    关于第一口烤蟋蟀，说话者说了什么？
Q14. What does Eat Grub say about his dried crickets?
    Eat Grub关于其干蟋蟀说了什么？
Q15. What does the passage say about insect farming?
    短文关于昆虫养殖说了什么？

=== RECORDING 1 ===

Have you ever had someone try to explain something to you a dozen times with no luck?
    你是否曾遇到过有人试图向你解释某件事十几次，你却还是不明白？
But then when you see a picture, the idea finally clicks.
    但当你看到一张图片时，你就恍然大悟了。
If that sounds familiar, maybe you might consider yourself a visual learner.
    如果这听起来很熟悉，也许你会认为自己是一个视觉型学习者。
Or if reading or listening does a trick, maybe you feel like you’re a verbal learner.
    或者，如果阅读或聆听奏效了，也许你觉得你是一个言语型学习者。
We call these labels learning styles.
    我们将这些标签称为学习风格。
But is there really a way to categorize different types of students?
    但真的有办法将不同类型的学生分类吗？
Well, it actually seems that multiple presentation formats, especially if one of them is visual, help most people learn.
    嗯，事实上，多种呈现形式（尤其是其中一种是视觉形式）似乎能帮助大多数人学习。
When psychologists and educators test for learning styles, they’re trying to figure out whether these are inherent traits that affect how well students learn instead of just a preference.
    当心理学家和教育工作者测试学习风格时，他们是想弄清楚这些是否是影响学生学习效果的内在特征，而不仅仅是一种偏好。
Usually they start by giving a survey to figure out what style a student favors, like visual or verbal learning.
    通常他们先进行调查，以确定学生偏爱哪种风格，比如视觉型或言语型学习。
Then they try to teach the students something with a specific presentation style, like using visual aids, and do a follow up test to see how much they learned.
    然后，他们尝试用特定的呈现风格（如使用视觉辅助工具）教学生一些东西，并进行后续测试以查看他们学到了多少。
That way, the researchers can see if the self identified verbal learners really learned better when the information was just spoken aloud, for example.
    通过这种方式，研究人员可以看到，例如，当信息只是被大声朗读出来时，自认为言语型学习者的人是否真的学得更好。
But according to a 2008 review, only one study that followed this design found that students actually learned best with their preferred style.
    但根据2008年的一项回顾研究，只有一项遵循这种设计的实验发现，学生在采用其偏好的风格时确实学得最好。
But the study had some big flaws.
    但那项研究有一些重大缺陷。
The researchers excluded 2/3 of the original participants, because they didn’t seem to have any clear learning style from the survey at the beginning.
    研究人员排除了三分之二的原始参与者，因为在开始的调查中，他们似乎没有任何明确的学习风格。
And they didn’t even report the actual test scores in the final paper.
    而且他们甚至没有在最终论文中报告实际的测试分数。
So it doesn’t really seem like learning styles are an inherited trait that we all have.
    所以，学习风格似乎并不像我们都有的一种遗传特质。
But that doesn’t mean that all students will do amazingly, if they just spend all their time reading from a textbook.
    但这并不意味着，如果所有的学生只是花所有时间阅读教科书，他们都会表现得非常出色。
Instead, most people seem to learn better if they’re taught in several ways, especially if one is visual.
    相反，如果以多种方式教学（尤其是其中一种是视觉形式），大多数人似乎学得更好。
In one study, researchers tested whether students remembered lists of words better if they heard them, saw them or both.
    在一项研究中，研究人员测试了学生通过听、看、或两者兼有的方式，是否能更好地记住单词表。
And everyone seemed to do better if they got to see the words in print.
    而且，如果能看到印刷出来的单词，每个人的表现似乎都更好。
Even the self identified auditory learners, their preference didn’t seem to matter.
    即使是自认为听觉型学习者的人，他们的偏好似乎也无关紧要。
Similar studies tested whether students learned basic physics and chemistry concepts better by reading plain text or viewing pictures to and everyone do better with the help of pictures.
    类似的研测试了学生通过阅读纯文本或查看图片，是否能更好地学习物理和化学的基本概念，结果每个人在图片的帮助下都表现得更好。
Q16. Why do psychologists and educators study learning styles?
    为什么心理学家和教育工作者要研究学习风格？
Q17. What does the speaker say about one study mentioned in the 2008 review?
    关于2008年回顾研究中提到的一项研究，发言者说了什么？
Q18. What message does the speaker want to convey about learning at the end of the talk?
    在演讲结束时，发言者想传达关于学习的什么信息？

=== RECORDING 2 ===

Free market capitalism hasn’t freed us.
    自由市场资本主义并没有解放我们。
It has trapped us.
    它困住了我们。
It’s imperative for us to embrace a workplace revolution.
    我们必须拥抱一场职场革命。
We’re unlikely to spend our last moments regretting that we didn’t spend enough of our lives slaving away at work.
    我们不太可能在生命的最后时刻后悔自己没有花足够的时间在工作上当牛做马。
We may instead find ourselves feeling guilty about the time we didn’t spend watching our children grow all with our loved ones, or travelling or on the cultural or leisure suits that bring us happiness.
    相反，我们可能会对自己没有花时间陪伴孩子成长、陪伴爱人、旅行，或者追求能带来快乐的文化或休闲活动而感到愧疚。
Unfortunately, the average full time employee in the world works 42 hours a week.
    不幸的是，世界上全职员工平均每周工作42小时。
Over a 3rd of the time we’re awake.
    超过我们清醒时间的三分之一。
Some of our all too precious time is being stolen.
    我们一些极其宝贵的时间正在被偷走。
Office workers do around 2 billion hours of unpaid overtime each year.
    办公室职员每年无偿加班时长约为20亿小时。
So it’s extremely welcome that some government coalitions have started looking into potentially cutting the working week to four days.
    因此，一些政府联盟已经开始研究可能将每周工作时间削减至四天，这非常受欢迎。
The champions of free market capitalism promised their way of life would bring us freedom, but it wasn’t freedom at all.
    自由市场资本主义的拥护者承诺他们的生活方式会给我们带来自由，但那根本不是自由。
From the lack of secure, affordable housing to growing job insecurity and rising personal debt, the individual is trapped.
    从缺乏安全且负担得起的住房，到日益严重的工作不安全感和不断上升的个人债务，个人被困住了。
Nine decades ago, leading economists predicted that technological advances and rising productivity would mean that would be working a 15-hour week by now.
    九十年前，顶尖经济学家预测，技术进步和生产力的提高意味着我们现在每周只需工作15小时。
That target has been somewhat missed.
    这个目标在某种程度上落空了。
Here is the most malignant threat to our personal freedom, particularly as the balance of power in the workplace has been shifted so dramatically from worker to boss: a huge portion of our lives involves the surrender of our freedom and personal autonomy.
    这就是对我们个人自由最恶毒的威胁，特别是在职场权力天平如此剧烈地从工人向老板倾斜的情况下：我们生命中的很大一部分涉及到放弃自由和个人自主权。
It’s time in which we are directed by the needs and desires of others, and denied the right to make our own choices.
    在这些时间里，我们受制于他人的需求和欲望，并被剥夺了做出自己选择的权利。
That’s bad for us.
    那对我们不利。
Its hardly surprising that over half a million workers suffer from work-related mental health conditions each year.
    每年有超过50万工人患有与工作相关的心理健康疾病，这并不奇怪。
All that 15.
    所有这些15。
4 million working days were lost to work-related stress last year—a jump of nearly a quarter.
    去年因工作压力损失了400万个工作日——增加了近四分之一。
Yes, there are those who, far from being overworked, actually seek more hours, but a shorter working week would enable us to redistribute hours from the overworked to the underworked.
    是的，有些人远非过度劳累，实际上还在寻求更多的工作时长，但缩短每周工作时间将使我们能够将工时从过度劳累的人手中重新分配给工作不足的人。
We need to look at ways of cutting the working week without slashing living standards.
    我们需要寻找在不降低生活水平的情况下缩短每周工作时间的方法。
After all, the world’s workers have already suffered the worst deduction in wages since the early 18 hundreds.
    毕竟，全世界的工人们已经遭受了自19世纪初以来最严重的工资削减。
And cutting the working week would be conducive to the individual, giving millions of workers more time to spend as they see fit.
    而且缩短每周工作时间对个人有利，能让数百万工人有更多时间按自己的意愿安排生活。
Q19. What do people often feel guilty about according to the speaker?
    根据发言者的说法，人们经常对什么感到愧疚？
Q20. What did leading economists predict 90 years ago?
    90年前，顶尖经济学家预测了什么？
Q21. What is the result of denying workers’ right to make their own choices?
    剥夺工人做出自己选择的权利会导致什么结果？

=== RECORDING 3 ===

Today I'm going to talk about Germany's dream airport in Berlin.
    今天我要谈谈德国柏林的梦幻机场。
The airport looks exactly like every other major modern airport in Europe, except for one big problem.
    除了一个大问题外，这座机场看起来与欧洲其他所有主要现代机场完全一样。
More than seven years after it was originally supposed to open, it still stands empty.
    在原定开放时间过去七年多后，它仍然空空如也。
Germany is known for its efficiency and refined engineering, but when it comes to its new ghost airport, this reputation could not be further from the truth.
    德国以其效率和精湛的工程技术而闻名，但当谈到这座新的“幽灵机场”时，这种名声与事实相去甚远。
Plagued by long delays, perpetual mismanagement, and ever soaring costs, the airport has become something of a joke among Germans and a source of frustration for local politicians, business leaders and residents alike.
    由于长期的延误、长期的管理不善以及不断飙升的成本，这座机场已成为德国人的笑柄，也是当地政界人士、商业领袖和居民沮丧的根源。
Planning for the new airport began in 1989.
    新机场的规划始于1989年。
At the time, it became clear that the newly reunified Berlin would need a modern airport with far greater capacity than its existing airports.
    当时人们已经清楚，新统一的柏林需要一座比现有机场容量大得多的现代化机场。
The city broke ground on the new airport in 2006.
    该市于2006年开始动工兴建新机场。
The first major sign of problems came in summer 2010, when the construction corporation pushed the opening from October 2011 to June 2012.
    问题的第一个主要迹象出现在2010年夏天，当时建筑公司将开业时间从2011年10月推迟到2012年6月。
In 2012, the city planned an opening ceremony.
    2012年，该市计划举行开幕式。
But less than a month before hand, inspectors found significant problems with the fire safety system and push the opening back again to 2013.
    但在开幕前不到一个月，检查员发现消防系统存在重大问题，并将开业时间再次推迟到2013年。
It wasn't just the smoke system, many other major problems subsequently emerged.
    不仅仅是排烟系统，随后又出现了许多其他重大问题。
More than 90 meters of cable were incorrectly installed.
    超过90米的电缆安装错误。
4000 doors were wrongly numbered.
    4000扇门编号错误。
Escalators were too short.
    自动扶梯太短了。
And there was a shortage of check in desks.
    而且值机柜台不足。
So why were so many problems discovered?
    那么，为什么会发现这么多问题呢？
Didn't the airport corporation decide to give up on the project and start over?
    难道机场公司没有决定放弃这个项目并重新开始吗？
The reason is simple.
    原因很简单。
People are often hesitant to terminate a project when they've already invested time or resources into it, even if it might make logical sense to do so.
    当人们已经在某个项目上投入了时间或资源时，往往会犹豫是否要终止它，即使这样做在逻辑上是合理的。
The longer the delays continued, the more problems inspectors found.
    延误持续的时间越长，检查员发现的问题就越多。
Leadership of the planning corporation has changed hands nearly as many times as the opening date has been pushed back.
    规划公司的领导层更迭的次数几乎与开业日期推迟的次数一样多。
Initially, rather than appointing a general contractor to run the project, the corporation decided to manage it themselves.
    最初，公司并没有聘请总承包商来运营该项目，而是决定由他们自己管理。
Despite lack of experience with an undertaking of that scale.
    尽管缺乏这种规模项目的经验。
To compound the delays, the unused airport is resulting in massive costs.
    雪上加霜的是，未使用的机场导致了巨大的成本。
Every month it remains unopened costs between nine and 10 million euros.
    由于尚未开放，每月要花费900万到1000万欧元。
Assuming all goes well, the airport should open in October 2020, but the still empty airport stands as the biggest embarrassment to Germany's reputation for efficiency and a continuing drain on city and state resources.
    假设一切顺利，机场应该在2020年10月开放，但这座仍然空空如也的机场不仅是德国效率声誉的最大尴尬，也持续消耗着城市和国家的资源。
Q22. What does the speaker say about the dream airport in Berlin?
    关于柏林的梦幻机场，发言者说了什么？
Q23. Why was there a need for a new airport in Berlin?
    为什么柏林需要一座新机场？
Q24. Why did Berlin postpone the opening of its dream airport again and again?
    为什么柏林一次又一次推迟梦幻机场的开放？
Q25. What happens while the airport remains unused?
    在机场闲置期间发生了什么？
