
=== CONVERSATION 1 ===

M: Do you mind taking my photo with the statue over there?
    你介意帮我和那边的雕像拍张照吗？
M: I think it will make a great shot.
    我觉得拍出来的效果会很棒。
W: Sure, no worries.
    当然可以，没问题。
W: You're always taking photos.
    你总是在拍照。
W: What do you do with all the photos you take?
    你拍这么多照片都用来做什么？
M: Well, don't laugh.
    好吧，别笑我。
M: My dream is to become an online celebrity of sorts.
    我的梦想是成为某种网络红人。
W: You are not serious, are you?
    你不是认真的吧？
M: I am, completely.
    我是认真的，非常认真。
M: I just got the idea a few months ago after posting some holiday photos on my social media accounts.
    几个月前，我在社交媒体账户上发布了一些度假照片后，萌生了这个想法。
M: A lot of people liked my photos and started asking me for travel tips.
    很多人喜欢我的照片，并开始向我询问旅游攻略。
M: So I figured I'd give it a go.
    所以我想我应该试一试。
M: I post a lot on social media anyway.
    反正我平时也在社交媒体上发很多东西。
M: So I've got nothing to lose.
    所以对我来说没什么损失。
W: I guess that's true.
    我想确实如此。
W: So what do you have to do to become Internet famous?
    那么，要成为网红需要做些什么呢？
M: Surprisingly a lot more than I did as a hobby.
    令人惊讶的是，这比我把它当作爱好时要做的事情多得多。
M: Recently, I've been spending a lot more time editing photos, posting online and clearing storage on my phone.
    最近，我花了更多的时间在修图、发布动态和清理手机存储空间上。
M: It's always full now.
    现在手机内存总是满的。
W: That doesn't sound like too much work.
    听起来活儿也不是很多。
M: Well, there's more to it.
    噢，不只这些。
M: I spent all last weekend researching what topics are popular, what words to use in captions and similar accounts to follow.
    上周末我花了一整天时间研究热门话题、文案该用哪些词，以及关注类似的账号。
M: It really was a lot to take in.
    确实有很多东西需要学习。
M: And I was up well past midnight.
    我熬夜一直到过了午夜。
M: I'd say it's paying off though.
    不过我想这些努力是有回报的。
M: I increased the number of people following my accounts by 15% already.
    我的账号粉丝数量已经增长了15%。
W: That is impressive.
    那真的很令人印象深刻。
W: I guess I never thought much about all the effort behind the scene.
    我想我从未想过幕后付出的这些努力。
W: Now that I think about it, there's always something wrong with my photos as it is—half smiles, closed eyes, messy hair.
    现在回想起来，我拍的照片总是有各种瑕疵——笑了一半、闭着眼、头发乱糟糟。
W: I hope you have better luck than I do.
    希望你的运气比我好。
W: Then again, I think the only person interested in my photos is my mom.
    话说回来，我觉得唯一对我照片感兴趣的人就是我妈了。
Q1. What does the man ask the woman to do?
    男子请求女子做什么？
Q2. What does the man dream of?
    男子的梦想是什么？
Q3. What has the man been busy doing recently?
    男子最近一直忙于做什么？
Q4. What does the woman say about her photos?
    关于自己的照片，女子说了什么？

=== CONVERSATION 2 ===

M: Good evening and welcome to Physics Today.
    晚上好，欢迎来到《今日物理》。
M: Here we interview some of the greatest minds in physics as they help us to understand some of the most complicated theories.
    在这里，我们将采访一些物理学界最伟大的思想家，请他们帮助我们理解一些最复杂的理论。
M: Today, I'm very pleased to welcome Dr. Melissa Phillips, professor of theoretical physics.
    今天，我非常荣幸地邀请到了理论物理学教授梅丽莎·菲利普斯博士。
M: She's here to tell us a little about what it is she studies.
    她将向我们介绍一些她的研究内容。
M: Dr. Phillips, you seem to study everything.
    菲利普斯博士，您似乎什么都研究。
W: I guess that would be fair to say I spent most of my time studying the Big Bang theory and where our universe came from.
    我想这么说也算客观，我大部分时间都在研究大爆炸理论以及宇宙的起源。
M: Can you tell us a little about that?
    您能给我们讲讲这方面的情况吗？
W: Well, I'm very interested in why the universe exists at all.
    嗯，我非常感兴趣的是宇宙为何会存在。
W: That may sound odd, but the fact is at the moment of the Big Bang, both matter and anti-matter were created for a short time, and I mean just a fraction of a second.
    这听起来可能有点奇怪，但事实是，在大爆炸发生的那一刻，物质和反物质在极短的时间内同时产生，我指的是只有几分之一秒。
W: The whole universe was a super-hot soup of radiation filled with these particles.
    整个宇宙就像一锅充满这些粒子的极热辐射汤。
W: So what's baffled scientists for so long is "why is there a universe at all?"
    所以长期以来困扰科学家的问题是：“为什么宇宙竟然存在？”
M: That's because matter and anti-matter are basically opposites of each other.
    那是因为物质和反物质基本上是互相对立的。
M: They are exactly alike except that they have opposite electrical charges.
    它们完全一样，只是电荷相反。
M: So when they collide, they destroy each other?
    所以当它们相撞时，会互相毁灭吗？
W: Exactly.
    完全正确。
W: So during the first few moments of the Big Bang, the universe was extremely hot and very small.
    所以在大爆炸发生的最初阶段，宇宙极其炎热且非常微小。
W: Matter and the now more exotic anti-matter would have had little space to avoid each other.
    物质和现在看来更加奇异的反物质几乎没有空间避开彼此。
W: This means that they should have totally wiped each other out, leaving the universe completely barren.
    这意味着它们本该完全抵消，使宇宙变得一片荒芜。
M: But a recent study seems to point to the fact that when matter and anti-matter were first created, there were slightly more particles of matter, which allowed the universe we all live in to form?
    但最近的一项研究似乎表明，当物质和反物质最初产生时，物质粒子的数量略多一些，正是这一点让我们生活的宇宙得以形成？
W: Exactly.
    完全正确。
W: Because there was slightly more matter, the collisions quickly depleted all the anti-matter and left just enough matter to create stars, planets and eventually us.
    由于物质略多，碰撞迅速耗尽了所有反物质，并留下了足够的物质来创造恒星、行星，以及最终的我们。
Q5. What does the man say is Physics Today?
    关于《今日物理》，男子说了什么？
Q6. What is the woman physicist's main research area?
    这位女物理学家的主要研究领域是什么？
Q7. What is the woman interested in?
    这位女子对什么感兴趣？
Q8. What seems to be the finding of the recent study?
    最近的一项研究结果似乎是什么？

=== PASSAGE 1 ===

In this week's edition of special series on Bizarre Medical Conditions, there is a report of the case of Michelle Myers.
    在本周的“奇异病症”特别系列节目中，有一篇关于米歇尔·迈尔斯案例的报告。
Myers is an American woman who woke up one day speaking with a British accent, even though she's lived in the United States all her life.
    迈尔斯是一位美国女性，尽管她一生都住在美国，但有一天醒来后却操着一口英国口音说话。
In 2015, Myers went to bed with a terrible headache.
    2015年，迈尔斯带着剧烈的头痛入睡。
She woke up sounding like someone from England.
    她醒来时听起来就像个英国人。
Her British accent has remained for the past two years.
    在过去的两年里，她的英国口音一直保持着。
Previously, Myers had woken up speaking in Irish and Australian accents.
    此前，迈尔斯醒来时曾说过爱尔兰口音和澳大利亚口音。
However, on both of those occasions, the accents lasted for only a week.
    然而，在这两次情况下，口音都只持续了一周。
Myers has been diagnosed with Foreign Accent Syndrome.
    迈尔斯被诊断患有“外国口音综合征”。
It's a disorder in which a person experiences a sudden change to their speech so that they sound like they're speaking in a foreign accent.
    这是一种患者言语发生突然改变，听起来像是在说外国口音的疾病。
The condition is most often caused by a stroke or traumatic brain injury.
    这种病症通常由中风或创伤性脑损伤引起。
Although people with the syndrome have intelligible speech, their manner of speaking is altered in terms of timing and tongue placement, which may distort their pronunciation.
    虽然患有该综合征的人言语清晰，但他们在说话节奏和舌头位置方面发生了改变，这可能会扭曲他们的发音。
The result is that they may sound foreign when speaking their native language.
    结果就是，他们在说母语时听起来像是在说外语。
It's not clear whether Myers has experienced a stroke or other brain damage, but she also has a separate medical condition, which can result in loose joints, easily bruised skin and other problems.
    目前尚不清楚迈尔斯是否经历过中风或其他脑损伤，但她还患有另一种独立的病症，这可能导致关节松动、皮肤容易瘀伤等问题。
Foreign Accent Syndrome is rare, with only about 60 cases reported within the past century.
    外国口音综合征非常罕见，在过去一个世纪里仅报道了约60例。
However, a different American woman reportedly spoke with the Russian accent in 2010 after she fell down the stairs and hit her head.
    不过据报道，另一位美国女性在2010年从楼梯上摔下来并撞伤头部后，说话带有了俄罗斯口音。
Q9. What happened to Michelle Myers one day?
    米歇尔·迈尔斯有一天发生了什么事？
Q10. What does the passage say about Foreign Accent Syndrome?
    关于外国口音综合征，文章说了什么？
Q11. What accent did another American woman speak with after a head injury?
    另一位美国女性在头部受伤后说话带有什么口音？

=== PASSAGE 2 ===

There is something about water that makes it a good metaphor for life.
    水在某些方面是生活的极佳隐喻。
That may be one reason why so many people find relief in swimming when life's seas get rough.
    这也许是为什么这么多人在生活陷入困境时通过游泳寻求慰藉的原因之一。
And it goes some way towards explaining why books about swimming, in which people tackle icy lakes, race in rivers and overcome oceans while reflecting on their lives, have recently become so popular.
    这在一定程度上解释了为什么最近关于游泳的书籍如此受欢迎，书中人们在挑战冰湖、河流竞速、征服海洋的同时反思人生。
These books reflect a trend, particularly strong in Britain, where swimming in pools is declining, but more and more folks are opting for open water.
    这些书反映了一种趋势，这种趋势在英国尤为强劲：尽管在泳池游泳的人数在减少，但越来越多的人选择户外水域。
"Wild swimming" seems to be especially popular among women.
    “野泳”似乎在女性中特别受欢迎。
Jenny Landreth recently published a guide to the best swimming spots in London.
    珍妮·兰德雷斯最近出版了一本伦敦最佳游泳地点指南。
Her new book, Swell, interweaves her own story with a history of female pioneers who accomplished remarkable feats and paved the way for future generations.
    她的新书《涌动》将她自己的故事与完成卓越壮举并为后代铺平道路的女性先驱者的历史交织在一起。
Notions of modesty restricted women in the Victorian era, but they still swam.
    维多利亚时代的谦逊观念限制了女性，但她们依然游泳。
A "bathing machine" was rolled down to the seashore so women would not be seen in swimwear.
    当时的人们会将一种“洗澡机”滚到海边，这样女性穿泳装的样子就不会被看到。
In 1892, The Gentlewoman's Book of Sport described a woman swimming in a heavy dress, boots, hat, gloves and carrying an umbrella.
    1892年的《名媛运动之书》描述了一位女性穿着厚重的裙子、靴子，戴着帽子和手套，甚至还打着伞在游泳。
Eventually, swimming became freer.
    最终，游泳变得更加自由了。
Mixed bathing was permitted on British beaches in 1901.
    1901年，英国海滩允许男女同浴。
Women won the right to swim in public pools, learned to swim properly, created appropriate swimwear and, in time, even competed against men.
    女性赢得了在公共泳池游泳的权利，学会了正确的游泳姿势，设计了合适的泳装，后来甚至可以与男性竞争。
The first woman to cross the English Channel was Gertrude Ederle in 1926.
    1926年，格特鲁德·埃德勒成为第一位横渡英吉利海峡的女性。
She beat the record by almost two hours and her father rewarded her with a red sports car.
    她将纪录打破了近两小时，她的父亲奖励了她一辆红色跑车。
Q12. What has become so popular recently?
    最近什么变得如此流行？
Q13. What did Jenny Landreth do recently?
    珍妮·兰德雷斯最近做了什么？
Q14. What do we learn about women in the Victorian era?
    关于维多利亚时代的女性，我们了解到了什么？
Q15. What does the passage say about Gertrude Ederle?
    关于格特鲁德·埃德勒，文章说了什么？

=== RECORDING 1 ===

Today I'm going to talk about a very special kind of person.
    今天我要讲的是一种非常特殊的人。
Psychologists call them "masters of deception," those rare individuals with a natural ability to tell with complete confidence when someone is telling a lie.
    心理学家称他们为“欺骗大师”，即那些极少数拥有天赋，能够自信地辨别某人是否在撒谎的人。
For decades, researchers and law enforcement agencies have tried to build a machine that will do the same thing.
    几十年来，研究人员和执法机构一直试图制造出一台具有同样功能的机器。
Now a company in Massachusetts says that by using magnetic brain scans they can determine with 97% accuracy whether someone is telling the truth.
    现在，马萨诸塞州的一家公司表示，通过使用磁力大脑扫描，他们可以以97%的准确率确定某人是否在说真话。
They hope that the technology will be cleared for use in American courts by early next year.
    他们希望这项技术能在明年年初获准在美国法院使用。
But is this really the ultimate tool for you, the lawyers of tomorrow?
    但这真的是为你们——未来的律师们准备的终极工具吗？
You'll not find many brain scientists celebrating this breakthrough.
    你不会看到很多大脑科学家在庆祝这项突破。
The company might be very optimistic, but the ability of their machine to detect deception has not provided credible proof.
    该公司可能非常乐观，但他们的机器检测欺骗的能力尚未提供可信的证据。
That's because the technology has not been properly tested in real-world situations.
    这是因为该技术尚未在现实情况中得到妥善测试。
In life, there are different kinds of lies and diverse context in which they're told.
    在生活中，有各种各样的谎言，谎言的背景也各不相同。
These differences may elicit different brain responses.
    这些差异可能会引起不同的大脑反应。
Does their hypothesis behind the test apply in every case?
    测试背后的假设是否适用于每种情况？
We don't know the answer, because studies done on how reliable this machine is have not yet been duplicated.
    我们不知道答案，因为关于这台机器可靠性的研究尚未被复制验证。
Much more research is badly needed.
    迫切需要更多的研究。
Whether the technology is eventually deemed reliable enough for the courts will ultimately be decided by the judges.
    该技术最终是否被认为足够可靠以供法庭使用，将最终由法官决定。
Let's hope they're wise enough not to be fooled by a machine that claims to determine truthfulness at the flick of a switch.
    让我们希望他们足够明智，不会被一台声称只需轻轻一按开关就能判定真伪的机器所愚弄。
They should also be sceptical of the growing tendency to try to reduce all human traits and actions to the level of brain activity.
    他们还应该对一种日益增长的倾向保持警惕，即试图将所有人类特征和行为都简化为大脑活动水平。
Often, they do not map that easily.
    通常情况下，它们之间的映射并没有那么简单。
Moreover, understanding the brain is not the same as understanding the mind.
    此外，了解大脑并不等同于了解思想。
Some researchers have suggested that thoughts cannot properly be seen as purely "internal."
    一些研究人员认为，思维不能被恰当地视为纯粹“内在”的。
Instead, thoughts make sense only in reference to the individual's external world.
    相反，思维只有在参考个人的外部世界时才有意义。
So while there may be insights to be gained from matching behavior to brain activity, those insights will not necessarily lead to justice in a court of law.
    因此，虽然将行为与大脑活动相匹配可能会获得一些启发，但这些启发并不一定会导致法庭上的公正。
Problems surround the use of machines to spot deception, at least until it has been rigorously tested.
    使用机器识别欺骗存在诸多问题，至少在经过严格测试之前是这样。
A high-tech test that can tell when a person is not telling the truth sounds too good to be true.
    一个能辨别某人何时没说真话的高科技测试听起来好得令人难以置信。
And when something sounds too good to be true, it usually is.
    而当某件事听起来好得难以置信时，它往往就是不可信的。
Q16. What have researchers and law enforcement agencies tried to do?
    研究人员和执法机构一直在尝试做什么？
Q17. How do many brain scientists respond to the Massachusetts company's so-called technological breakthrough?
    对于马萨诸塞州公司的所谓技术突破，许多大脑科学家是如何回应的？
Q18. What does the speaker think of using a high-tech test to determine whether a person is telling the truth?
    演讲者如何看待使用高科技测试来判断一个人是否在说真话？

=== RECORDING 2 ===

Last week I attended a research workshop on an island in the South Pacific.
    上周，我参加了在南太平洋一个岛屿上举办的研究研讨会。
Thirty people were present and all except me came from the island, called Makelua, in the nation of Vanuatu.
    共有30人出席，除我之外，所有人都来自瓦努阿图的马凯鲁阿岛。
They live in 16 different communities and speak 16 distinct languages.
    他们生活在16个不同的社区，说着16种不同的语言。
In many cases, you could stand at the edge of one village and see the outskirts of the next community.
    在很多情况下，你站在一个村庄的边缘就能看到下一个社区的郊区。
Yet the residents of each village speak a completely different language.
    然而，每个村庄的居民都说着完全不同的语言。
According to recent work by my colleagues at the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History, this island, just 100 kilometers long and 20 kilometers wide, is home to speakers of perhaps 40 different indigenous languages.
    根据我马克斯·普朗克人类历史科学研究所同事们的最新研究，这个仅长100公里、宽20公里的岛屿，居住着使用多达40种不同土著语言的人群。
Why so many?
    为什么会有这么多语言？
We could ask the same question of the entire globe.
    我们可以对整个地球提出同样的问题。
People don't speak one universal language, or even a handful.
    人们并不只说一种通用的语言，甚至不仅仅是少数几种。
Instead, today our species collectively speaks over 7,000 distinct languages, and these languages are not spread randomly across the planet.
    相反，如今我们这个物种集体使用的语言超过7000种，而且这些语言并非随机分布在全球各地。
For example, far more languages are found in tropical regions than in the mild zones.
    例如，热带地区的语言种类远多于温带地区。
The tropical island of New Guinea is home to over 900 languages.
    热带岛屿新几内亚拥有900多种语言。
Russia, 20 times larger, has 105 indigenous languages.
    俄罗斯的国土面积是新几内亚的20倍，却只有105种土著语言。
Even within the tropics, language diversity varies widely.
    即使在热带地区，语言多样性也有很大差异。
For example, the 250,000 people who live on Vanuatu's 80 islands speak 110 different languages, but in Bangladesh, a population 600 times greater speaks only 41 languages.
    例如，居住在瓦努阿图80个岛屿上的25万人讲110种不同的语言，但在人口规模是其600倍的孟加拉国，人们只讲41种语言。
How come humans speak so many languages?
    人类为什么会讲这么多语言？
And why are they so unevenly spread across the planet?
    为什么它们在全球的分布如此不平衡？
As it turns out, we have few clear answers to these fundamental questions about how humanity communicates.
    事实证明，对于这些关于人类如何沟通的根本问题，我们几乎没有明确的答案。
Most people can easily brainstorm possible answers to these intriguing questions.
    大多数人可以很容易地针对这些引人入胜的问题集思广益，想出可能的答案。
They hypothesize that language diversity must be about history, cultural differences, mountains or oceans dividing populations.
    他们假设语言多样性一定与历史、文化差异、分隔人群的山脉或海洋有关。
But when our diverse team of researchers from six different disciplines and eight different countries began to review what was known, we were shocked that only a dozen previous studies had been done, including one we ourselves completed on language diversity in the Pacific.
    但是，当我们由来自6个不同学科和8个不同国家的成员组成的多样化研究团队开始回顾已知信息时，我们震惊地发现，此前仅开展过十几项研究，其中包括我们自己完成的一项关于太平洋语言多样性的研究。
These prior efforts all examined the degree to which different environmental, social and geographic variables correlated with the number of languages found in a given location.
    这些之前的研究都考查了不同的环境、社会和地理变量与特定地点发现的语言数量之间的相关程度。
The results varied a lot from one study to another, and no clear patterns emerged.
    各研究结果差异巨大，没有出现明显的规律。
The studies also ran up against many methodological challenges, the biggest of which centered on the old statistical saying—correlation does not equal causation.
    这些研究还遇到了许多方法论上的挑战，其中最大的挑战集中在古老的统计学名言上——相关性并不等于因果关系。
Q19. What does the speaker say about the island of Makelua?
    演讲者关于马凯鲁阿岛说了什么？
Q20. What do we learn from the talk about languages in the world?
    从这次关于世界语言的谈话中我们了解到了什么？
Q21. What have the diverse team of researchers found about the previous studies on language diversity?
    关于此前对语言多样性的研究，多元化的研究团队发现了什么？

=== RECORDING 3 ===

We often hear people say that America is a land of opportunity, a country built on hope to aspire the greatness on the American dream.
    我们常听人们说美国是机会之地，是一个建立在希望之上、追求美国梦伟业的国家。
But is the dream as we once knew it dying?
    但我们曾经熟知的那个梦想正在消逝吗？
Today's demographics show that the middle-class is disappearing and now the richest 1% of the population has mastered more wealth than the bottom 90%.
    今天的人口统计数据显示，中产阶级正在消失，目前最富有的1%人口掌握的财富比底层90%的人口还要多。
Once upon a time, Americans thought that if they worked hard enough, even in the phase of adversity, they would be rewarded with success.
    曾几何时，美国人认为只要足够努力，即使面对逆境，也会获得成功的回报。
These days, though, the divide between rich and poor is greater than it has ever been.
    然而现在，贫富差距比以往任何时候都要大。
The question is, what is it going to take to change things?
    问题是，要怎样才能改变这种现状？
Maybe one day soon real change will actually be made in our nation and the gap will be eradicated.
    也许不久后的某一天，我们的国家会发生真正的变革，这种差距将被消除。
But what happens in the meantime?
    但在此期间会发生什么？
Is there something that we can do to help close the gap?
    有什么是我们可以做来帮助缩小差距的吗？
Is there something that we can do to prove that a little compassion goes a long way?
    有什么是我们能做，来证明一点点同情心就能产生巨大影响的吗？
If we want to fix the problem of the income gap, first, we have to understand it.
    如果我们想解决收入差距问题，首先必须了解它。
It is a grim reality that you can have one person who only makes around $13,000 a year, or across town, another is making millions.
    这是一个残酷的现实：一个人年收入可能只有1.3万美元左右，而在城镇的另一头，另一个人却在赚数百万美元。
For me, it is kind of astonishing.
    对我来说，这有点令人吃惊。
And if you ask low-income people what's the one thing that will change their life, they'll say "a full-time job."
    如果你问低收入者哪件事能改变他们的生活，他们会说是“一份全职工作”。
That's all they aspire to.
    这就是他们所有的抱负。
So why is it so difficult for so many people to find employment?
    那么，为什么这么多人难以找到工作呢？
It partly comes down to profit-driven business models that are built around low-wage work and part-time jobs that don't provide benefits.
    部分原因归结为以低薪工作和不提供福利的兼职工作为核心的利润驱动型商业模式。
Businesses, in order to boost profits, hire employees as part-time workers only.
    企业为了提高利润，只招聘兼职员工。
This means they are paid the lowest legal wage and receive no health care or other benefits provided to full-time employees.
    这意味着他们只拿最低法定工资，且不享受提供给全职员工的医疗保险或其他福利。
Simultaneously, technological advancement and a global economy has reduced the demand for well-paying blue-collar jobs here in the United States.
    与此同时，技术进步和全球经济减少了美国对高薪蓝领工作的需求。
The cumulative effect of these two factors is that many Americans are forced to take two or more part-time jobs, just to make ends meet.
    这两个因素的累累积效应是，许多美国人被迫做两份或两份以上的兼职工作，仅仅为了维持生计。
What has become obvious to me when it comes to the income gap is that there needs to be an opportunity for the people at the bottom to push them back up and push them into the middle-class to give them hope in their lives.
    说到收入差距，我深有感触的一点是：需要给底层人群一个机会，让他们重新振作，并进入中产阶级，给他们的生活带来希望。
Q22. What do the surveys show about America according to the speaker?
    根据演讲者的说法，调查显示了关于美国的什么情况？
Q23. What did Americans use to believe?
    美国人过去相信什么？
Q24. What do low-income people aspire to?
    低收入人群向往什么？
Q25. What do businesses do to increase their revenues?
    企业为了增加收入会做什么？
