
=== CONVERSATION 1 ===

W: So, I've been thinking, this summer, instead of our usual holiday rental, I'd like to try renting a camper van and exploring a bit more.
    我在想，今年夏天，不如不租平时的度假房，我想尝试租一辆房车，多去一些地方探索一下。
M: A camper van?
    房车？
M: You mean to spend the summer living out of a car?
    你的意思是整个夏天都住在车里？
W: Yes, a camper van.
    是的，房车。
W: And no, it's nothing like living out of a car.
    不，这和住在普通车里完全不同。
W: These are proper vans with full-size beds to sleep in.
    这些是正式的房车，里面有大床可以睡觉。
W: Some even have kitchens.
    有些甚至还有厨房。
W: This way, we wouldn't have to be locked into one place during our holiday.
    这样的话，我们度假时就不会被锁定在一个地方了。
W: We'd be able to visit so many more places and travel at our own pace.
    我们能去更多的地方，按我们自己的节奏旅行。
W: The rates of most hotels and holiday homes really soar in the summer anyway.
    反正大多数酒店和度假屋的价格在夏天都会暴涨。
W: We'd probably save a lot of money as well.
    我们可能还能省下不少钱。
M: I think my grandfather had a van like that.
    我想我祖父以前有过一辆那样的车。
M: It doesn't sound that appealing to me.
    对我来说听起来没那么有吸引力。
W: Today's camper vans are completely different.
    现在的房车完全不同了。
W: These days, they're equipped with all the modern comforts.
    现在的房车配备了所有现代化的舒适设施。
W: I've seen quite a few with solar panels that provide electricity for when you're stopped.
    我见过不少房车带有太阳能电池板，可以在停车时供电。
W: This way, you can still use your computer or charge your phone.
    这样你仍然可以使用电脑或给手机充电。
W: And most even have Wi-Fi, so if the weather's not great, you could stream videos.
    而且大多数房车甚至还有 Wi-Fi，所以如果天气不好，你可以看在线视频。
M: I'm warming up to the idea.
    我开始对这个想法感兴趣了。
M: Keep talking.
    继续说。
W: Loads of people are committing to this trend full time.
    很多人都在全身心投入这一趋势。
W: Check it out online.
    在网上查查看。
W: Lots of people stream videos of their alternative lifestyles and actually earn a salary.
    很多人分享他们另类生活方式的视频，实际上还能赚到钱。
W: Imagine having that kind of freedom to go anywhere you want and work from anywhere in the world.
    想象一下拥有那种想去哪就去哪、在世界任何地方工作的自由。
M: Okay, we can consider it.
    好吧，我们可以考虑一下。
M: As long as the basic needs like toilet and showers are covered, I'm definitely in.
    只要能满足如厕和淋浴等基本需求，我肯定加入。
M: Do you think there will be enough room for my mountain bike?
    你觉得有足够的空间放我的山地车吗？
M: What about food delivery?
    那外卖怎么办？
M: Will we be able to order to the van?
    我们能把外卖订到房车这儿吗？
M: Will there be enough space for the dog?
    会有足够的空间放狗吗？
M: We wouldn't want to leave him behind.
    我们不想把它丢下。
W: Slow down.
    慢点。
W: Glad you're excited about it.
    很高兴你对此感到兴奋。
W: Let's start by looking at what's available first.
    我们先来看看有哪些可选的房车吧。
Q1. What has the woman been thinking of doing for this summer?
    这位女士一直在考虑今年夏天做什么？
Q2. What do we learn about the man's grandfather from the conversation?
    从对话中我们了解到了关于这名男子的祖父的什么信息？
Q3. What can many camper vans do nowadays according to the woman?
    根据这位女士的说法，现在的许多房车能做什么？
Q4. What idea does the woman find appealing about the camper van lifestyle?
    这位女士觉得房车生活方式中哪个想法很有吸引力？

=== CONVERSATION 2 ===

W: You wanted to see me?
    你想见我？
M: Yes, I'll get straight to the point.
    是的，我直截了当地说吧。
M: Over the past month or so, it has become apparent that your performance has dipped.
    在过去一个月左右的时间里，显然你的表现有所下降。
M: You've been late to work several times these past few weeks, which is very uncharacteristic of you.
    过去几周你迟到了好几次，这非常不像你的作风。
M: But what really concerns me is your curtailed output.
    但我真正担心的是你的产出减少了。
M: Lately, you seem to be constantly one step behind.
    最近，你似乎总是慢半拍。
M: What's going on?
    发生什么事了？
W: I'm sorry.
    对不起。
W: I'm going through some unfortunate family issues at the moment.
    我目前正经历一些不幸的家庭问题。
W: It's a personal matter, so if you don't mind, I much prefer we don't get into it.
    这是私人事务，所以如果你不介意的话，我更希望我们不要深入探讨。
W: Nevertheless, I expect it to have all blown over in another month or so.
    尽管如此，我预计再过一个月左右这一切都会过去。
M: Do you need some time off?
    你需要请假吗？
W: Actually, yes.
    事实上，是的。
W: Would it be possible to take the next two Mondays off?
    接下来的两个周一可以请假吗？
W: I was deliberating whether I should ask for this, but now that we're here...
    我一直在考虑是否应该提出这个请求，但既然现在说到了这里……
M: Sure thing.
    没问题。
M: But if you needed some leave, why didn't you ask for it earlier?
    但如果你需要请假，为什么不早点提出来呢？
W: I'm not sure why.
    我不确定原因。
W: I guess I kind of felt bad asking for it.
    我想我可能觉得开口请假有点不太好意思。
M: You shouldn't feel bad asking for leave, especially if you need it.
    你不应该因为请假而感到不好意思，尤其是当你确实需要它的时候。
W: I know.
    我知道。
W: You're right.
    你是对的。
W: I'm sorry.
    对不起。
M: Look, you've been with us almost five years and I personally really value your proficiency at your job.
    听着，你和我们在一起快五年了，我个人非常看重你工作的熟练程度。
M: It makes my job far easier.
    这让我的工作轻松得多。
M: In addition, I can assure you that management as a whole also holds you in high regard.
    此外，我可以向你保证，整个管理层对你的评价也很高。
W: Thank you.
    谢谢你。
M: What I need is for you to be back at your 100%.
    我需要的是你能回到 100% 的状态。
M: Are you sure taking two Mondays off will suffice?
    你确定请两个周一的假就足够了吗？
W: It'll be enough.
    足够了。
W: I'm sure of it.
    我很肯定。
M: Okay, good.
    好的，很好。
M: So this is what we're going to do.
    所以我们打算这样做。
M: You will take those days off, and I expect that you will gradually come back to your usual self.
    你把那几天假休了，我期待你能逐渐恢复到往常的状态。
M: Then in two months' time, we will catch up again to see how you are faring.
    然后两个月后，我们再碰头看看你的进展情况。
W: Sounds good.
    听起来不错。
W: Thank you for your understanding.
    谢谢你的理解。
Q5. What is the man's main concern about the woman?
    这名男子对这位女士的主要担忧是什么？
Q6. What does the woman say is causing her problem?
    这位女士说是什么导致了她的问题？
Q7. What does the man value about the woman?
    这名男子看重这位女士的什么？
Q8. What agreement have the speakers reached by the end of the conversation?
    到对话结束时，说话者达成了什么协议？

=== PASSAGE 1 ===

There are many factors that impact our health.
    影响我们健康的因素有很多。
These include our finances, our emotions and the way we work.
    这些包括我们的财务状况、我们的情绪以及我们的工作方式。
Education is one such factor.
    教育就是这样一个因素。
Research suggests that higher levels of education can lead to better health and even greater longevity.
    研究表明，更高水平的教育可以带来更好的健康，甚至是更长的寿命。
But what about the education of your partner?
    但是你伴侣的教育程度呢？
New research seeks to answer this question.
    新的研究试图回答这个问题。
Researchers use data from a longitudinal study.
    研究人员使用了来自一项纵向研究的数据。
The data came from surveys first administered to high school seniors in 1957.
    这些数据来自 1957 年首次对高中三年级学生进行的调查。
The surveys ended in 2011.
    调查于 2011 年结束。
The team found that a person whose spouse had a higher level of education tended to report better health.
    团队发现，配偶受教育程度较高的人往往报告健康状况较好。
This remained the case when adjusting for other factors, such as participants' own education, social background and health status before and after marriage.
    在调整了其他因素（如参与者自身的教育、社会背景以及婚前和婚后的健康状况）后，情况仍然如此。
The authors suggest that high levels of education provide shared social, intellectual, emotional and financial resources.
    作者认为，高水平的教育提供了共享的社会、智力、情感和财务资源。
These include things like higher levels of emotional intelligence, particular skills or knowledge, or more money.
    这些包括更高的情商、特定的技能或知识，或者更多的金钱。
The researchers concede that an individual's own level of education is clearly important for their health, but they assert that individuals also can reap the benefits of their partner's education.
    研究人员承认，个人自身的教育水平对他们的健康显然很重要，但他们断言个人也可以从伴侣的教育中获益。
It is noteworthy that the effects vary by gender.
    值得注意的是，这种影响因性别而异。
For women, health was more closely correlated to their spouse's education than for men.
    对于女性来说，健康与配偶受教育程度的相关性比男性更密切。
The team suggests this may be related to the time period of the study.
    团队认为这可能与研究的时间跨度有关。
Women in this sample had lower levels of education and lower occupational achievements than the men.
    本样本中的女性受教育程度和职业成就均低于男性。
The researchers' hypothesis is that this made the husband's resources more likely to have a shared impact.
    研究人员的假设是，这使得丈夫的资源更有可能产生共享的影响。
Q9. What does research suggest about a higher level of education?
    关于更高水平的教育，研究表明了什么？
Q10. What do we learn from the finding of the new research?
    从新研究的发现中我们了解到了什么？
Q11. What does the passage say about the men in the sample of the new research?
    文章关于新研究样本中的男性说了什么？

=== PASSAGE 2 ===

Climate scientists predict that many parts of the world will be increasingly prone to floods.
    气候科学家预测，世界许多地区将越来越容易发生洪水。
This is a serious risk to human lives and property.
    这对人类生命和财产构成了严重风险。
So understanding and accurately forecasting flood risks is a key challenge for vulnerable cities around the globe.
    因此，了解并准确预测洪水风险是全球脆弱城市面临的一项关键挑战。
In 2017, Derek Loftis of the Virginia Institute of Marine Science started a project called Catch the King.
    2017 年，弗吉尼亚海洋科学研究所的德里克·洛夫蒂斯启动了一个名为“捕捉国王”的项目。
It uses a smartphone app to collect the data of ordinary citizens during high tides.
    它使用智能手机应用程序收集普通公民在涨潮期间的数据。
He'll use those data to validate and improve his mathematical flooding model, called TideWatch.
    他将利用这些数据来验证和改进他的数学洪水模型，名为 TideWatch。
Loftis's mission is to know where the water goes before it goes there.
    洛夫蒂斯的使命是在洪水到达之前知道水流向何处。
But collecting necessary data and then processing that information quickly enough to make usable forecasts is anything but easy.
    但收集必要的数据，然后足够快地处理这些信息以做出可用的预测，绝非易事。
Accurate flood forecasts require an understanding of the situation on the ground.
    准确的洪水预测需要了解地面上的实际情况。
By the early 2000s, supercomputing had advanced enough that scientists could integrate weather forecasting models with such measurements.
    到 21 世纪初，超级计算机的发展已经足以让科学家们将天气预报模型与此类测量结果相结合。
But they still didn't have the critically important ability to forecast fast-moving floods in real time.
    但他们仍然不具备实时预测快速移动洪水这一至关重要的能力。
So, in 2017, Loftis and colleagues set up a group of 28 Internet-connected water-level sensors throughout the flood risk community of Norfolk, Virginia.
    因此，在 2017 年，洛夫蒂斯及其同事在弗吉尼亚州诺福克的洪水风险社区安装了一组 28 个联网的水位传感器。
The new sensors relayed rough measurements about water height and movement to a computer at the Virginia Institute.
    新传感器将有关水高和运动的初步测量数据传送给弗吉尼亚研究所的一台电脑。
Along with those sensors, hundreds of local citizens take photos of rising tides and transmit them in real time to the institute.
    除了这些传感器外，数百名当地公民拍摄涨潮照片并实时传输给研究所。
Scientists hope that the data collected by these citizens can help sharpen the ability to forecast exactly when and where damaging floods will occur.
    科学家们希望，这些公民收集的数据能有助于提高准确预测破坏性洪水何时何地发生的能力。
Q12. What is a key challenge for vulnerable cities around the globe according to the passage?
    根据文章，全球脆弱城市面临的关键挑战是什么？
Q13. Why did Derek Loftis start the "Catch the King" project?
    为什么德里克·洛夫蒂斯发起了“捕捉国王”项目？
Q14. What was the problem with flood forecasting by the early 2000s?
    21 世纪初的洪水预测存在什么问题？
Q15. What did Loftis and his colleagues do in 2017 to improve flood forecasting?
    洛夫蒂斯及其同事在 2017 年做了什么来改进洪水预测？

=== RECORDING 1 ===

Now, it's become something of a ritual to debate the value of a college degree, but as Current Population Survey data show, there has been a sharp decline in employment among men without college degrees compared with those who have them.
    现在，辩论大学学位的价值已成为一种惯例，但正如当前人口调查数据显示的那样，与拥有大学学位的男性相比，没有大学学位的男性的就业率出现了急剧下降。
This decline began in the 1960s and has become more serious over time.
    这种下降始于 20 世纪 60 年代，并随着时间的推移而变得更加严重。
What has actually caused this decline?
    究竟是什么导致了这种下降？
Well, economists have been working to ascertain the roots of the decline for decades and have come up with several theories.
    嗯，经济学家们几十年来一直致力于确定这种下降的根源，并提出了几种理论。
One popular theory is that it's a case of too low wages for jobs that don't require a degree.
    一种流行的理论认为，这是因为不需要学位的职位工资太低。
An alternate theory is that there were more jobs not requiring a college degree in the past than now.
    另一种理论认为，过去不需要大学学位的工作比现在多。
A recent working paper from the National Bureau of Economic Research reviewed those theories and put forward additional hypotheses about the causes of the problem.
    国家经济研究局最近的一份工作文件回顾了这些理论，并就该问题的原因提出了额外的假设。
Let's look at that paper now.
    现在让我们来看看那篇论文。
First, the researchers considered the issue of wages.
    首先，研究人员考虑了工资问题。
As the wage gap has grown between those with college degrees and those without, economists have suggested that men aren't as interested in taking some of the less lucrative jobs.
    随着拥有大学学位的人和没有大学学位的人之间的工资差距扩大，经济学家建议男性对从事一些收入较低的工作不那么感兴趣了。
While the authors of the paper found truth in this explanation, they assert that low wages can't be the only factor, as wages for men without college degrees, adjusting for inflation, haven't changed much since the 1960s, making it hard to see why fewer men seem willing to accept those wages.
    虽然论文作者发现这种解释有其道理，但他们断言低工资不可能是唯一的因素，因为剔除通胀因素后，没有大学学位的男性的工资自 20 世纪 60 年代以来并没有太大变化，因此很难理解为什么愿意接受这些工资的男性似乎变少了。
This leads to the second theory, that more jobs require a college degree today than in the past.
    这引出了第二个理论，即现在比过去有更多的工作需要大学学位。
Indeed, that theory seems valid, because in America today, 2/3 of jobs are filled by workers with at least some college education.
    确实，这种理论似乎是成立的，因为在今天的美国，三分之二的工作由至少受过一定大学教育的工人担任。
However, the authors of the paper argue that there are other factors amplifying the problem.
    然而，论文作者认为还有其他因素放大了这一问题。
They identified two new potential explanations: the first being the tremendous decline in marriage among men without college degrees since the 1960s; and the second, being the increase in women participating in the workforce that was concurrent with the decline in marriage.
    他们确定了两个新的潜在解释：第一个是自 20 世纪 60 年代以来，没有大学学位的男性结婚率大幅下降；第二个是女性参与劳动力的比例增加，这与结婚率的下降同时发生。
These two changes mean that men might not have families to support, or if they do, their wives might be doing more of the providing, both of which might remove the financial incentive to work.
    这两个变化意味着男性可能没有家庭需要供养，或者即使有，他们的妻子可能承担了更多的供养责任，这两者都可能消除工作的经济动机。
The authors of the paper concede that research on the subject isn't complete, but they argue that their work supports the value of a college education.
    论文作者承认关于该主题的研究还不完整，但他们认为他们的工作支持了大学教育的价值。
Q16. What does the speaker say has become something of a ritual?
    演讲者说什么是已经成为一种惯例的事情？
Q17. What did the researchers of a recent working paper consider first?
    最近一份工作文件的研究人员首先考虑了什么？
Q18. What did the recent paper identify as a new potential explanation of the problem concerning men's employment?
    最近的论文将什么确定为关于男性就业问题的新的潜在解释？

=== RECORDING 2 ===

While an increasing number of people are trying to eat less meat, a market research team has found in its latest fashion and sustainability report that the trend is now spreading from kitchen to closet.
    虽然越来越多的人尝试少吃肉，但一个市场研究团队在其最新的时尚与可持续发展报告中发现，这一趋势现在正从厨房蔓延到衣橱。
It found animal welfare came top of a list of issues that people considered before buying clothes, with 42% saying it was important to them.
    研究发现，动物福利成为人们购买衣服前考虑的问题清单之首，42% 的人表示这对他们很重要。
The researchers of the team predicted that the next year would see a boom in animal-free shoe collections, since they heard shoppers of all ages say they would buy footwear designated as "vegan", meaning the goods were produced without using any animal or animal part.
    该团队的研究人员预测，明年将看到无动物成分鞋履系列的繁荣，因为他们听到各年龄段的购物者都表示，他们会购买标为“纯素”的鞋类，这意味着这些商品在生产过程中没有使用任何动物或动物部位。
As well as being on trend, and with a much better ring to it than synthetic leather, the vegan label does convey an important extra distinction.
    除了顺应潮流且听起来比合成革好得多之外，“纯素”标签确实传达了一个重要且额外的区别。
If you label something as vegan, then the whole product needs to be animal free.
    如果你给某样东西贴上“纯素”标签，那么整个产品都需要不含动物成分。
That means checking things like the glue that holds the shoe together, for example, and the chemicals used for finishing them.
    这意味着需要检查像粘合鞋子的胶水，以及用于后期处理的化学品等。
At the top end, some of the world-renowned fashion designers have avoided leather and fur for some time.
    在高端领域，一些世界知名的时装设计师已经有一段时间避免使用皮革和皮草了。
In fact, The Animal Free Product Society says they've seen a boom in products registered with the vegan trademark.
    事实上，无动物产品协会表示，他们已经看到注册了纯素商标的产品数量激增。
In 2018, there were 119.
    2018 年有 119 个。
So far this year, one of the first reputable store chains to use the vegan trademark, prices ballet shoes at £7.
    今年到目前为止，首批使用纯素商标的知名连锁店之一将芭蕾舞鞋定价为 7 英镑。
99 and a vegan laptop handbag at £29.
    99 英镑，纯素笔记本手提包定价为 29 英镑。
99, comparable with its other products.
    99 英镑，与其同类产品价格相当。
Q19. What trend does the market research team find is spreading from kitchen to closet?
    市场研究团队发现什么趋势正从厨房蔓延到衣橱？
Q20. What have some world-renowned fashion designers done for some time?
    一些世界知名的时装设计师已经有一段时间在做什么了？
Q21. What does the vegan label mean for a product?
    “纯素”标签对产品意味着什么？

=== RECORDING 3 ===

By the end of 2016, anyone who had been paying even passing attention to the news headlines was highly likely to conclude that everything was terrible, and that the world was going to hell.
    到 2016 年底，任何哪怕只是稍微关注过新闻头条的人都很可能会得出结论：一切都很糟糕，世界正走向毁灭。
It was easy to feel depressed by the wars in different parts of the world, the spread of deadly viruses or terror attacks.
    世界不同地区的战争、致命病毒的传播或恐怖袭击都很容易让人感到沮丧。
Yet, 2016 was the best year in the history of humanity.
    然而，2016 年是人类历史上最好的一年。
Child mortality was roughly half what it was as recently as 1990.
    儿童死亡率大约只有 1990 年时的一半。
And 300,000 more people gained access to electricity each day.
    每天还有另外 30 万人获得了用电。
Every single measure of material and environmental welfare in America, Europe, Asia, Africa and the world as a whole has improved rather than deteriorated.
    美洲、欧洲、亚洲、非洲以及整个世界衡量物质和环境福利的每一项指标都在改善，而不是恶化。
We are living in history's most peaceful era, with violence of all kinds in steep decline.
    我们生活在历史上最和平的时代，各种暴力都在急剧减少。
Those are the facts.
    这些都是事实。
So why aren't we all optimists?
    那么为什么我们都不乐观呢？
In a 2015 survey for YouGov, 65% of British people and 81% of the French said they thought the world was getting worse.
    在 YouGov 2015 年的一项调查中，65% 的英国人和 81% 的法国人表示，他们认为世界正变得越来越糟。
However, according to numerous sensible statistics, these people are simply wrong.
    然而，根据大量合理的统计数据，这些人完全错了。
Nobody in their right mind should wish to have lived in a previous century.
    任何神智清醒的人都不应该希望生活在以前的世纪。
Yet people do.
    然而人们确实会这样想。
Why?
    为什么？
Our prevailing mood of despair is irrational.
    我们普遍存在的绝望情绪是不理智的。
It says more about us than it does about how things really are.
    它更多地反映了我们自身的情况，而不是事物的真实面貌。
It is best explained as the result of various psychological biases that served a purpose for our evolutionary ancestors— but now, in a media-saturated era, constantly mislead us.
    这最好被解释为各种心理偏见的结果，这些偏见曾为我们的进化祖先服务，但现在在这个媒体饱和的时代，却在不断误导我们。
Once upon a time, in our evolutionary past, it was a very good thing that our attention could be easily seized by negative information, as it alerted us to potential dangers.
    在过去的进化过程中，我们的注意力很容易被负面信息吸引是一件非常好的事情，因为它能提醒我们潜在的危险。
But in today's world, this bias means that we are constantly bombarded with bad news, which distorts our perception of reality.
    但在当今世界，这种偏见意味着我们不断受到坏消息的轰炸，这扭曲了我们对现实的认知。
Q22. What does the speaker say about the year 2016?
    演讲者关于 2016 年说了什么？
Q23. What did the 2015 YouGov survey find?
    2015 年 YouGov 的调查发现了什么？
Q24. What does the speaker say explains our prevailing mood of despair?
    演讲者说是什么解释了我们普遍存在的绝望情绪？
Q25. Why was it beneficial for our evolutionary ancestors to be easily attracted by negative information?
    为什么进化祖先容易被负面信息吸引是有益的？
