
═══ CONVERSATION 1 ═══

M: Today our guest is Rosie Melinda who works as a features editor for Fashion magazine.
    今天的嘉宾是罗西·梅琳达（Rosie Melinda），她是《时尚》（Fashion）杂志的专题编辑。
M: Hi Rosie, you’re a features editor at one of the most widely read women’s magazines in the U.K. What kind of responsibilities does that job entail?
    嗨，罗西，你是英国读者最广泛的女性杂志之一的专题编辑。这份工作包含哪些职责？
W: We spend our days looking at ideas from journalists, writing copy for the magazine and website and editing.
    我们每天都在看记者的创意，为杂志和网站撰写稿件并进行编辑。
W: We do random things like asking people in the street questions and testing sports clothing.
    我们会做一些随机的事情，比如在街上向人们提问，以及测试运动服装。
W: We also do less tangible things like understanding what our readers want.
    我们也做一些不那么具体的事情，比如了解读者的需求。
W: It’s certainly varied and sometimes bizarre.
    这确实是多种多样的，有时甚至很古怪。
M: During your working day what kind of work might you typically do?
    在你的工作日里，你通常会做哪些工作？
W: My day mainly incorporates responding to emails, writing and editing stories and coming up with new feature ideas.
    我的一天主要包括回复电子邮件、撰写和编辑故事，以及构思新的专题创意。
M: How does the job of features editor differ from that of fashion editor or other editorial positions?
    专题编辑的工作与时尚编辑或其他编辑职位有何不同？
W: The feature’s team deals with articles such as careers, reports, confidence and confessions.
    专题团队处理关于职业、报告、信心和告解等文章。
W: Everything except to fashion and beauty.
    除了时尚和美容之外的一切。
M: A lot of people believe that working at a magazine is a glamorous job.
    许多人认为在杂志社工作是一份光鲜亮丽的工作。
M: Is this an accurate representation of what you do?
    这是对你所做工作的真实描述吗？
W: I’d say it’s glamorous to an extent, but not in the way it’s portrayed in films.
    我想说它在某种程度上是光鲜的，但并不像电影中描绘的那样。
W: We do have our moments such as interviewing celebrities and attending parties which is a huge thrill.
    我们确实有高光时刻，比如采访名人、参加派对，这非常令人兴奋。
W: Ultimately though, we’re the same as our readers.
    但最终，我们和读者是一样的。
W: But working in a job we’re all very lucky to have.
    但我们都很幸运能拥有这份工作。
M: Did you have to overcome any difficulties to reach this point in your career?
    为了达到职业生涯的这个阶段，你是否必须克服一些困难？
M: How did you manage to do this?
    你是如何做到的？
W: I had to be really persistent and it was very hard work.
    我必须非常坚持，而且工作非常辛苦。
W: After three years of working in a petrol station and doing unpaid work I still hadn’t managed to get an entry level job.
    在加油站工作了三年并做了很多无偿工作后，我仍然没能获得一份入门级的工作。
W: I was lucky that my last desperate attempt led to a job.
    我很幸运，最后一次孤注一掷的尝试让我得到了一份工作。
W: I told myself that all experiences make you a better journalist in the long run and luckily, I was right.
    我告诉自己，从长远来看，所有的经历都会让你成为一名更好的记者，幸运的是，我是对的。
Q1. What is the woman’s profession?
    这位女士的职业是什么？
Q2. What is one of the woman’s main responsibilities?
    这位女士的主要职责之一是什么？
Q3. What do many people think about the woman’s job?
    许多人对这位女士的工作有什么看法？
Q4. What helped the woman to get her current position?
    什么帮助这位女士获得了目前的职位？

═══ CONVERSATION 2 ═══

W: Are you watching any good shows these days?
    你最近在看什么好剧吗？
M: Actually, yes.
    实际上，有的。
M: I’m watching a great satire called Frankie.
    我正在看一部很棒的讽刺剧，叫《弗兰基》（Frankie）。
M: I think you’d like it.
    我想你会喜欢的。
W: Really?
    真的吗？
W: What’s it about?
    它是关于什么的？
M: It’s about a real guy named Frankie.
    它是关于一个叫弗兰基的真实人物的。
M: He is a famous comedian in New York and shows a mixture of comedy and drama loosely depicting his life.
    他是纽约著名的喜剧演员，剧中融合了喜剧和戏剧，大致描绘了他的生活。
W: I’m sorry, do you mean to say, it’s a real-life series about a real person?
    对不起，你是说这是一部关于真实人物的写实系列剧吗？
W: It’s non-fiction, isn’t it?
    它是非虚构的，对吧？
M: No … Not really, no. It’s fiction, as what happens in every episode is made up.
    不……不完全是。它是虚构的，因为每一集里发生的事都是编造的。
M: However the lead role is a comedian by the name of Frankie, and he plays himself.
    不过主角是一位名叫弗兰基的喜剧演员，他演的是他自己。
M: So Frankie in both real life and in the TV show lives in New York City, is a comic, is divorced, and has two little daughters.
    所以现实生活和电视剧中的弗兰基都住在纽约市，是个喜剧演员，离了婚，有两个小女儿。
M: All those things are true, but aside from him, all his friends and family are played by actors.
    这些都是真的，但除了他，他所有的朋友和家人都由演员扮演。
M: And the plots and the events that take place are also invented.
    而且情节和发生的事件也是虚构的。
W: Oh, I think I see now.
    噢，我想我现在明白了。
W: That sounds like a very original concept.
    听起来这是一个非常有创意的概念。
M: Yes, it is.
    是的，它是。
M: In fact, the whole show is written, directed, edited and produced by him, and is very funny and has won many awards.
    事实上，整个节目都是由他编剧、导演、剪辑和制作的，非常有趣，还赢得了许多奖项。
W: That’s cool.
    那很酷。
W: I will try to download it.
    我会试着下载看看。
W: I’m watching a comedy called The Big Bang Theory.
    我正在看一部叫《生活大爆炸》（The Big Bang Theory）的喜剧。
W: It’s a huge hit around the world.
    它在全世界都很受欢迎。
M: Oh yes.
    噢，是的。
M: I’ve heard of it, but never actually watched it.
    我听说过，但从未真正看过。
W: Well, then you should check it out.
    嗯，那你应该看看。
W: It’s also very funny.
    它也非常有趣。
W: It’s about four male scientists and a female waitress.
    它是关于四个男科学家和一个女服务员的故事。
W: The men are very socially awkward but very bright.
    那些男人在社交上非常笨拙，但非常聪明。
W: And this is contrasted by the lady’s social skills and common sense.
    这与那位女士的社交技巧和常识形成了对比。
W: The show has been running for over ten years, and some of the actors are practically global super stars.
    这部剧已经播了十多年，其中一些演员几乎成了全球超级巨星。
W: Now that they are such famous celebrities.
    既然他们已经成了如此著名的名人。
Q5. What does the man think of the satire Frankie he recently watched?
    这位男子对他最近看的讽刺剧《弗兰基》有什么看法？
Q6. What does the man say especial about the satire Frankie?
    关于讽刺剧《弗兰基》，这位男子特别说了什么？
Q7. What does the woman say she is going to do with the satire Frankie?
    关于讽刺剧《弗兰基》，这位女士说她打算做什么？
Q8. What does the woman say about the comedy The Big Bang Theory?
    关于喜剧《生活大爆炸》，这位女士说了什么？

═══ PASSAGE 1 ═══

Related to the ‘use-it-or-lose-it law’ is the ‘keep-moving principle’.
    与“用进废退法则”相关的是“持续运动原则”。
We learned about stagnation from nature.
    我们从大自然中了解到了停滞。
A river that stops moving gets smelly.
    停止流动的河流会变臭。
The same thing happens to people who stop moving, either mentally or physically.
    停止运动的人也是如此，无论是心理上还是生理上。
Those who play contact sports know that the player who usually gets hurt the most is the one who is standing still.
    那些参加接触性运动的人知道，通常受伤最重的球员是那些站着不动的人。
Of course, you’ll need some time to catch your breath every so often, but the essential massage is keep moving, extending and learning.
    当然，你每隔一段时间就需要休息一下，但核心信息是保持运动、扩展和学习。
Ships last a lot longer when they go to sea than when they stay in the harbor.
    船只出海比待在港口里寿命要长得多。
The same is true for the airplanes.
    飞机也是如此。
You don’t preserve an airplane by keeping it on the ground, you preserve it by keeping it in service.
    你不是通过让飞机停在地面上来保护它，而是通过让它保持服役状态来保护它。
We also get to live a long healthy life by staying in service.
    我们也通过保持“服役”状态来获得长寿和健康的生活。
Longevity statistics reveal that the average person doesn’t last very long after retirement.
    长寿统计数据显示，普通人在退休后通常活不了太久。
The more we’ll hear is don’t retire.
    我们听得更多的是：不要退休。
If a fellow says “I’m 94 years old and I worked all my life”, we need to realize, that is how he got to be 94, by staying involved.
    如果一个人说“我94岁了，我工作了一辈子”，我们需要意识到，这就是他能活到94岁的原因：保持参与。
George Bernard Shaw won a Nobel Prize when he was nearly 70.
    乔治·萧伯纳在快70岁时获得了诺贝尔奖。
Benjamin Franklin produced some of his best writings at the age of 84, and Pablo Picasso put brush to canvas right through his eighties.
    本杰明·富兰克林在84岁时写出了一些他最好的作品，巴勃罗·毕加索直到80多岁还在挥毫作画。
Isn’t the issue how old we think we are?
    问题不在于我们认为自己有多老吗？
A bonus with the ‘keep-moving principle’ is that while we keep moving, we don’t have a chance to worry.
    “持续运动原则”的一个额外好处是，当我们保持运动时，我们就没有机会去担心。
Hence we avoid the dreaded paralyses by analysis.
    因此，我们避免了可怕的“分析瘫痪”。
Q9. What does the speaker say about players of contact sports?
    说话者关于参加接触性运动的球员说了什么？
Q10. What do longevity statistics reveal about the average person?
    长寿统计数据显示了关于普通人的什么信息？
Q11. What bonus does the keep moving principle bring us according to the speaker?
    根据说话者的说法，“持续运动原则”给我们带来了什么额外好处？

═══ PASSAGE 2 ═══

In 2014, one in sixteen Americans visited the hospital emergency room for home injuries.
    2014年，十六分之一的美国人因家庭伤害去了医院急诊室。
One of the main causes of these accidents?
    这些事故的主要原因之一？
A wandering mind!
    心不在焉！
By one estimate, people daydream through nearly half of their waking hours.
    据估计，人们在清醒时间里有近一半的时间在走神。
Psychologists have recently focused on the tendency to think about something other than the task one is doing.
    心理学家最近关注了这种倾向，即思考与正在进行的任务无关的事情。
For one experiment, researchers developed an app to analyze the relationship between daydreaming and happiness.
    在一项实验中，研究人员开发了一个应用程序来分析白日梦与幸福之间的关系。
They found that the average person’s mind wandered most frequently about 65% of the time during personal activities, such as brushing their teeth and combing their hair.
    他们发现，普通人在进行个人活动（如刷牙和梳头）时，思绪游离最频繁，约占时间的65%。
Respondents’ minds tended to wander more when they felt upset rather than happy.
    受访者在感到沮丧而不是快乐时，思绪往往更容易游离。
They were more likely to wander toward pleasant topics than unpleasant ones.
    他们更有可能转向愉快的话题，而不是不愉快的话题。
How do daydreams affect daydreamers?
    白日梦如何影响做白日梦的人？
A wandering mind leaves us vulnerable when driving.
    驾驶时心不在焉会让我们变得脆弱。
In one study, researchers interview 955 people involved in traffic accidents, the majority of them reported having daydream just before the accident.
    在一项研究中，研究人员采访了955名遭遇交通事故的人，其中大多数人报告说在事故发生前正在做白日梦。
Yet other research suggests that daydreaming has benefits.
    然而，其他研究表明，做白日梦是有好处的。
Researches have found that it gives us a chance to think about our goals and it also seems to increase creativity.
    研究发现，它给了我们思考目标的机会，似乎还能提高创造力。
In one experiment, 145 undergraduates completed four unusual uses tasks, each requiring them to list as many uses as possible for everyday object.
    在一次实验中，145名本科生完成了四项“非寻常用途”任务，每项任务都要求他们为一个日常物品尽可能多地列出用途。
After the first pair of tasks was completed, one group of participants was assigned an undemanding activity intended to cause their minds to wander.
    在完成前两项任务后，一组参与者被分配了一项要求不高的活动，旨在让他们思绪游离。
When all the participants proceeded to the second pair of tasks, the daydreamers performed 40% better than the others.
    当所有参与者进入第二组任务时，做白日梦的人比其他人表现好40%。
Q12. What does the passage say about people’s mind?
    这篇文章关于人们的思绪说了什么？
Q13. For what purpose did the researchers develop the new app?
    研究人员开发这款新应用程序的目的是什么？
Q14. How does daydreaming benefit people according to some researchers?
    根据一些研究人员的说法，白日梦如何使人受益？
Q15. What was the finding of the experiment with 145 undergraduates?
    针对145名本科生的实验发现了什么？

═══ RECORDING 1 ═══

Dating from as far back as the 12th century, they are claimed to be the rarest historic buildings in western Europe.
    它们可以追溯到12世纪，被认为是西欧最稀有的历史建筑。
These buildings offer vital insight into Scandinavia’s Viking past.
    这些建筑为深入了解斯堪的纳维亚半岛的维京往事提供了至关重要的视角。
But now, with only 30 wooden churches remaining and their condition deteriorating, experts are working to preserve the structures for future generations.
    但现在，由于仅存30座木制教堂，且其状况正在恶化，专家们正致力于为后代保存这些结构。
Some of these spectacular churches are no more than small buildings, barely 4 meters wide and 6 meters tall.
    其中一些壮观的教堂不过是小建筑，仅有4米宽、6米高。
Others are much larger structures.
    其他的则是大得多的结构。
They soar up to 40 meters into the cold air.
    它们在寒冷的空气中耸立高达40米。
Most consist of timber frames that rest on stone blocks.
    大多数由支撑在石块上的木框架组成。
This means that they have no foundations.
    这意味着它们没有地基。
Although many of the churches appear from the outside to be complex structures, they normally feature only a single storey but numerous different roof levels.
    尽管许多教堂从外面看结构复杂，但它们通常只有一层，却有许多不同的屋顶层次。
Staff from the Norwegian government have carried out conservation work on 10 of the churches over the past two years.
    在过去的两年里，挪威政府的工作人员对其中10座教堂进行了保护工作。
Most of these churches date from between the 12th and 14th centuries.
    这些教堂大多建于12至14世纪之间。
Other churches were conserved in previous years.
    其他教堂在往年也得到了保护。
So far, specialists have worked to add preservative materials to the churches’ exteriors.
    到目前为止，专家们已经致力于在教堂外部添加防腐材料。
They also replaced rotting roots and halted the sinking of the churches into the ground.
    他们还更换了腐烂的底部（木材），并阻止了教堂向地下下沉。
In two cases, huge machines have been used to lift the buildings up to 30 centimeters into the air.
    在两个案例中，巨大的机器被用来将建筑吊起离地30厘米。
This was accomplished so that the team could examine and repair the churches’ original medieval stone blocks.
    这样做是为了让团队能够检查并修复教堂原始的中世纪石块。
The team plans to return to around a dozen of the buildings to assess progress and consider further action.
    该团队计划回到大约十几座建筑中，评估进度并考虑进一步行动。
The earliest free-standing wooden church was probably built in Norway in around 1080.
    最早的独立木制教堂可能是在1080年左右在挪威建造的。
However, the largest known wooden churches were built from the 1130s onwards.
    然而，已知最大的木制教堂是从1130年代开始建造的。
This period was one of inter-elite rivalry, in which nobles sought to increase their influence by funding the construction of churches and other buildings.
    这一时期是精英阶层相互竞争的时期，贵族们试图通过资助建造教堂和其他建筑来增加他们的影响力。
The reason for constructing the buildings from wood is probably that ideally proportioned straight and slender timber was available in large quantities in Scandinavia’s vast pine forests.
    用木头建造这些建筑的原因可能是，斯堪的纳维亚广阔的松树林中可以大量获得比例理想、笔直且纤细的木材。
As wood was so plentiful, it was cheaper to use than the stone used in the buildings of other European cultures.
    由于木材如此充足，使用木材比其他欧洲文化建筑中使用的石头更便宜。
The area’s ship building tradition, partly established by the Vikings, also meant that sophisticated carpentry was a major aspect of the local culture.
    该地区的造船传统（部分由维京人建立）也意味着精湛的木工活是当地文化的一个重要方面。
The complex style of the medieval wooden church carvings and the skills used to make them almost certainly to derive from the ancient Viking tradition.
    中世纪木制教堂雕刻的复杂风格以及制作它们的技艺，几乎可以肯定起源于古代维京传统。
Q16. What does the speaker say about the Viking wooden churches?
    说话者关于维京木制教堂说了什么？
Q17. What is special about most of the Viking wooden churches?
    关于大多数维京木制教堂，有什么特别之处？
Q18. Why were the Viking churches constructed from wood?
    为什么维京教堂是用木头建造的？

═══ RECORDING 2 ═══

In last week’s lecture, we discussed the characteristics of the newly born offspring of several mammals.
    在上周的讲座中，我们讨论了几种哺乳动物新生后代的特征。
You probably remember that human infants are less developed physically than other mammals of the same age.
    你可能还记得，人类婴儿在身体发育上不如同龄的其他哺乳动物。
But in today’s lecture, we’ll look at three very interesting studies that hint at surprising abilities of human babies.
    但在今天的讲座中，我们将看看三项非常有趣的研究，它们暗示了人类婴儿惊人的能力。
In the first study, three-year-olds watch two videos shown side by side.
    在第一项研究中，三岁的孩子观看并排显示的两个视频。
Each featuring a different researcher, one of whom they’d met once two years earlier.
    每个视频都有不同的研究人员，其中一个他们在两年前见过一次。
The children spend longer watching the video showing the researcher they hadn’t met.
    孩子们花更多时间观看那个显示他们没见过的研究人员的视频。
This is consistent with young children’s usual tendency to look longer at things that aren’t familiar.
    这与幼儿通常倾向于花更长时间看陌生事物的倾向是一致的。
And really this is amazing.
    这真的很神奇。
It suggests the children remember the researcher they’ve met just one time when they were only one-year-olds.
    这表明孩子们记得他们在只有一岁时仅见过一次的研究人员。
Of course, as most of us forget memories from our first few years as we grow older, this early long-term memories will likely be lost in subsequent years.
    当然，随着年龄增长，我们大多数人都会忘记最初几年的记忆，这种早期的长期记忆可能会在随后的几年里丢失。
Our second study is about music.
    我们的第二项研究是关于音乐的。
For this study researchers play music to babies through speakers located on either side of a human face.
    在这项研究中，研究人员通过位于人脸两侧的扬声器向婴儿播放音乐。
They waited until the babies got bored and inverted their gaze from the face.
    他们等到婴儿感到无聊并把视线从脸上移开。
And then they change the mood in the music either from sad to happy or the other way around.
    然后他们改变音乐的情绪，要么从悲伤变为快乐，要么反之亦然。
This mood switch made no difference to the three-month-olds; but for the nine-month-olds, it was enough to renew their interest and they started looking again in the direction of the face.
    这种情绪切换对三个月大的婴儿没有影响；但对于九个月大的婴儿来说，这足以重新激发他们的兴趣，他们又开始看向人脸的方向。
This suggests that babies of that age can tell the difference between a happy melody and a sad tune.
    这表明那个年龄段的婴儿可以分辨快乐的旋律和悲伤的曲调之间的区别。
Our final study is from 1980, but it’s still relevant today.
    我们的最后一项研究来自1980年，但今天仍然具有参考价值。
In fact, it’s one of the most famous pieces of research about infant emotion ever published.
    事实上，它是关于婴儿情绪的有史以来发表的最著名的研究之一。
The study involved ordinary adults watching video clips of babies nine months or younger.
    这项研究涉及普通成年人观看九个月或更小婴儿的视频片段。
In the video clips, the babies made various facial expressions in response to real life events including playful interactions and painful ones.
    在视频片段中，婴儿对现实生活中的事件做出各种面部表情，包括嬉戏的互动和痛苦的互动。
The adult observers were able to reliably discern an assortment of emotions on the babies faces.
    成年观察者能够可靠地辨别出婴儿脸上的各种情绪。
These emotions included interest, joy, surprise, sadness, anger, disgust, contempt, and fear.
    这些情绪包括兴趣、快乐、惊讶、悲伤、愤怒、厌恶、轻蔑和恐惧。
Next week, we’ll be looking at this last study more closely.
    下周，我们将更仔细地研究这最后一项研究。
In fact, we will be viewing some of the video clips from that study.
    事实上，我们将观看该研究中的一些视频片段。
And together, see how well we do in discerning the babies’ emotions.
    并一起看看我们在辨别婴儿情绪方面做得如何。
Q19. What are the three interesting studies about?
    这三项有趣的研究是关于什么的？
Q20. What does the second study find about nine-month-old babies?
    第二项研究关于九个月大的婴儿发现了什么？
Q21. What is the 1980 study about?
    1980年的那项研究是关于什么的？

═══ RECORDING 3 ═══

Today I’d like to talk about the dangers of being too collaborative.
    今天我想谈谈过度协作的危险。
Being a good team player is a central skill in our modern workplace.
    在现代职场中，成为一名优秀的团队合作者是一项核心技能。
The ability to work well with others and collaborate on projects is a sought-after ability in nearly every position.
    与他人良好合作并在项目上协作的能力几乎是每个职位都追求的能力。
However, placing too much emphasis on being a good team player can negatively affect your career growth.
    然而，过分强调成为一名优秀的团队合作者可能会对你的职业成长产生负面影响。
Don’t be overly focused on gaining consensus.
    不要过度专注于达成共识。
Don’t be too concerned with the opinions of others.
    不要太在意他人的意见。
This can hinder your ability to make decisions, speak up and gain recognition for your individual skills and strengths.
    这会阻碍你做决定的能力、发表见解的能力，以及让你的个人技能和优势获得认可的能力。
Some people are too subordinate to others’ opinions, too focused on decision consensus, too silent about their own point of view, too agreeable to take things on when they don’t have time or energy.
    有些人太屈从于他人的意见，太专注于决策共识，对自己的观点太沉默，在没有时间或精力时太容易答应承担事情。
This leads to building a brand of underconfident, submissive, low-impact non-leaders and hampers their growth and career advancement.
    这导致建立起一种不自信、顺从、低影响力的非领导者形象，并阻碍他们的成长和职业晋升。
Collaboration certainly makes your individual competencies and contributions more difficult for outsiders to identify.
    协作肯定会让外人更难识别你的个人能力和贡献。
Collaborative projects mean you’re sharing the spotlight with others.
    协作项目意味着你正在与他人分享聚光灯。
Outsiders may then find it difficult to determine your contributions and strengths.
    外人随后可能会发现很难确定你的贡献和优势。
This may end up costing you opportunities for promotions or pay raises.
    这最终可能会让你失去晋升或加薪的机会。
You certainly shouldn’t ditch teamwork, but how can you avoid the hazards of being an over-collaborator?
    你当然不应该抛弃团队合作，但你如何避免成为过度协作者的风险呢？
Working in a team can have huge benefits.
    在团队中工作可以带来巨大的好处。
Your team may have repeated successes and often gain recognition.
    你的团队可能会取得接连不断的成功并经常获得认可。
You then have more opportunities to expand your professional network than if you worked alone.
    那么你就有比独自工作更多的机会来扩大你的专业网络。
However, finding a balance between team efforts and individual projects that give you independent recognition is important for making a name for yourself and providing opportunities for advancement.
    然而，在团队努力和能给你独立认可的个人项目之间找到平衡，对于成名和提供晋升机会至关重要。
Be selective in who you work with.
    有选择性地决定与谁合作。
This will maximize the benefits and minimize the downsides of being a team player.
    这将使团队合作的好处最大化，并将其缺点最小化。
Collaborate with people who have complementary expertise.
    与拥有互补专业知识的人合作。
Select projects where there’s potential for mutual benefit.
    选择有互利潜力的项目。
Perhaps you’re bringing your unique knowledge and gaining access to someone else’s professional network, or maybe you’re able to learn a new skill by working with someone.
    也许你带来了你独特的知识并获得了接触他人专业网络的机会，或者也许你能够通过与某人合作学到一项新技能。
Seek out your teammates purposefully rather than jumping on every new group project opportunity.
    有目的地寻找你的队友，而不是抓住每一个新的小组项目机会。
When we’re too collaborative, we want everyone to agree with a decision before we proceed.
    当我们过度协作时，我们希望在继续之前每个人都同意一个决定。
This can create unnecessary delays as you hold meetings trying to achieve consensus.
    这可能会造成不必要的延迟，因为你为了达成共识而举行会议。
It’s fine to be collaborative when seeking input.
    在征求意见时协作是可以的。
But put a deadline on the input stage and arrive at a decision, even if it’s a decision that doesn’t have consensus.
    但在征求意见阶段设定一个截止日期，并做出决定，即使是一个没有共识的决定。
Q22. What does the speaker say about being over collaborative?
    说话者关于过度协作说了什么？
Q23. What does the speaker say about people engaged in collaborative projects?
    说话者关于参与协作项目的人说了什么？
Q24. How do people benefit from working in a team?
    人们如何从团队工作中受益？
Q25. Why is it undesirable to spend too much time trying to reach consensus?
    为什么花太多时间试图达成共识是不可取的？
