
═══ CONVERSATION 1 ═══

M: It's my last day at work tomorrow.
    明天是我上班的最后一天。
M: I'll start my new job in 2 weeks.
    我两周后就开始新工作了。
M: My human resources manager wants to conduct an interview with me before I leave.
    我的人力资源经理想在离职前对我进行一次访谈。
W: Ah, an exit interview.
    啊，离职面谈。
W: Are you looking forward to it?
    你期待吗？
M: I'm not sure how I feel about it.
    我也说不清是什么感觉。
M: I resigned because I've been unhappy at that company for a long time, but I'm not sure if I should tell them how I really feel.
    我辞职是因为在那家公司很不开心已经很久了，但我不知道是否应该告诉他们我的真实感受。
W: To my way of thinking, there are two main potential benefits that come from unleashing an agitated stream of truth during an exit interview.
    依我看，在离职面谈中宣泄一番激烈的真相，主要有两个潜在的好处。
W: The first is release.
    第一个是释放。
W: Unburdening yourself of frustration, and perhaps even anger to someone who isn't a friend or close colleague can be wonderfully free.
    向一个既不是朋友也不是亲近同事的人倾诉你的沮丧，甚至可能是愤怒，会让人感到无比轻松自在。
M: Let me guess.
    让我猜猜。
M: The second is that the criticism will, theoretically, help the organization I'm leaving to improve, making sure employees of the future are less likely to encounter what I did?
    第二个是，从理论上讲，这些批评会帮助我即将离开的机构进行改进，确保未来的员工不太可能遇到我所经历的事情？
W: That's right.
    没错。
W: But the problem with the company improvement part is that very often it doesn't happen.
    但公司改进部分的问题在于，这种情况往往并不会发生。
W: An exit interview is supposed to be private, but often isn't.
    离职面谈本应该是隐私的，但往往并非如此。
W: In my company, the information gained from these interviews is often not confidential.
    在我们公司，从这些面谈中获得的信息通常是不保密的。
W: The information is used as dirt against another manager, or can be traded among senior managers.
    这些信息会被用作针对另一位经理的黑料，或者在高级经理之间进行交换。
M: Now you've got me rethinking what I'll disclose in the interview.
    现在你让我重新考虑在面谈中要透露什么了。
M: There is always a chance that it could affect my reputation and my ability to network in the industry.
    总有一种可能，这会影响我的声誉和我在行业内建立人脉的能力。
M: It is a pretty small industry after all.
    毕竟这个行业相当小。
W: Anything you initially gained from the instant satisfaction of telling it like it is, you might lose down the track by injuring your future career prospects.
    你最初从实话实说中获得的快感，可能会因为损害了未来的职业前景而在以后损失掉。
M: Right.
    没错。
M: Perhaps I would be better getting things off my chest by going to one of those rate-your-employer websites.
    也许我去那种评价雇主的网站上倾诉会更好。
W: You could.
    你可以那样做。
W: And don't do the interview at all.
    而且根本不去参加面试。
W: Exit interviews are not mandatory.
    离职面谈并不是强制性的。
Q1. What do we learn about the man from the conversation?
    从对话中我们能了解到关于这名男子的什么？
Q2. What does the woman think of the information gained from an exit interview?
    这名女士如何看待从离职面谈中获得的信息？
Q3. Why does the man want to rethink what he will say in the coming exit interview?
    为什么这名男子想重新考虑他在即将到来的离职面谈中要说的话？
Q4. What does the man think he had better do?
    这名男子认为他最好怎么做？

═══ CONVERSATION 2 ═══

M: Today, I'm talking to the renowned botanist, Jane Foster.
    今天，我将采访著名的植物学家简·福斯特。
W: Thank you for inviting me to join you on the show, Henry.
    谢谢你邀请我参加节目，亨利。
M: Recently, Jane, you've become quite a celebrity, since the release of your latest documentary.
    简，自从你最新的纪录片上映以来，你最近成了一位名人。
M: Can you tell us a little about it?
    你能告诉我们一些关于它的情况吗？
W: Well, it follows my expedition to study the vegetation indigenous to the rain forest in equatorial areas of southeast Asia.
    嗯，它记录了我去研究东南亚赤道地区雨林原生植被的探险过程。
M: You certainly get to travel to some very exotic locations.
    你确实能去一些非常有异国情调的地方旅行。
W: It was far from glamorous, to be honest.
    说实话，那一点也不光鲜。
W: The area we visited was accessible only by canoe and the living conditions in the hut were primitive to say the least.
    我们访问的地区只能乘独木舟到达，而且小屋里的生活条件往好里说也是很原始的。
W: There was no electricity.
    那里没有电。
W: Our water supply was a nearby stream.
    我们的水源是附近的一条溪流。
M: How were the weather conditions while you were there?
    你在那里的时候天气状况如何？
W: The weather was not conducive to work at all, since the humidity was almost unbearable.
    天气一点也不利于工作，因为湿度几乎让人无法忍受。
W: At midday, we stayed in the hut and did nothing.
    中午，我们待在小屋里，什么也不做。
W: It was too humid to either work or sleep.
    太潮湿了，既没法工作也没法睡觉。
M: How long did your team spend in the jungle?
    你的团队在丛林里待了多久？
W: Originally, we planned to be there for a month.
    最初，我们计划在那里待一个月。
W: But in the end, we stayed for only 2 weeks.
    但最终，我们只待了两周。
M: Why did you cut the expedition short?
    你为什么要缩短探险时间？
W: Halfway through the trip, we received news that a hurricane was approaching.
    旅途进行到一半时，我们收到了飓风即将来袭的消息。
W: We had to evacuate on very short notice.
    我们必须在极短的时间内撤离。
M: That sounds like a fascinating anecdote.
    这听起来是一个迷人的轶事。
W: It was frightening.
    那是很吓人的。
W: The fastest evacuation route was river rapids.
    最快的撤离路线是河流急流。
W: We had to navigate them carrying all of our equipment.
    我们不得不带着所有的设备在急流中航行。
M: So overall was the journey unsuccessful?
    那么总的来说，这次旅程是不成功的吗？
W: Absolutely not.
    绝对不是。
W: We gathered a massive amount of data about the local plant life.
    我们收集了大量关于当地植物生活的资料。
M: Why do you put up with such adverse conditions?
    你为什么要忍受如此不利的条件？
W: Botany is an obsession for me.
    植物学对我来说是一种痴迷。
W: Many of the destinations I visit have stunning scenery.
    我访问的许多目的地都有迷人的风景。
W: I get to meet a variety of people from all over the world.
    我可以遇到来自世界各地的各种人。
M: So where will your next destination be?
    那么你的下一个目的地是哪里？
W: I haven't decided yet.
    我还没决定。
M: Then we can leave it for another vacation.
    那么我们可以留到下次度假再说。
M: Thanks.
    谢谢。
Q5. What does the man want Jane Foster to talk about?
    男士想让简·福斯特谈论什么？
Q6. Why does the woman describe her experience as far from glamorous?
    为什么女士将她的经历描述为一点也不光鲜？
Q7. Why did the woman and those who went with her end their trip halfway?
    为什么女士和同行的人半途结束了他们的旅行？
Q8. What does the woman think of the journey?
    女士如何看待这次旅程？

═══ PASSAGE 1 ═══

Scientists often use specialized jargon terms while communicating with laymen.
    科学家在与外行交流时经常使用专业术语。
Most of them don't realize the harmful effects of this practice.
    他们中的大多数人没有意识到这种做法的有害影响。
In a new study, people exposed to jargon when reading about subjects like autonomous vehicles and surgical robots later said they were less interested in science than others who read about the same topics, but without the use of specialized terms.
    在项新研究中，人们在阅读关于自动驾驶汽车和手术机器人等主题的内容时接触到了术语，后来他们表示，与阅读相同主题但未使用专业术语的人相比，他们对科学的兴趣更低。
They also felt less informed about science and less qualified to discuss science topics.
    他们还觉得自己对科学了解较少，也没有资格讨论科学话题。
It's noteworthy that it made no difference if the jargon terms were defined in the text.
    值得注意的是，即使在文中对术语进行了定义，结果也没有区别。
Even when the terms were defined, readers still felt the same lack of engagement as readers who read jargon that wasn't explained.
    即使定义了术语，读者仍然感到同样的缺乏参与感，就像阅读未解释术语的读者一样。
The problem is that the mere presence of jargon sends a discouraging message to readers.
    问题在于，术语的存在本身就向读者传递了一种令人沮丧的信息。
Hillary Schulman, the author of the study, asserts that specialized words are a signal.
    该研究的作者希拉里·舒尔曼断言，专业词汇是一种信号。
Jargon tells people that the message isn't for them.
    术语告诉人们，这些信息不适合他们。
There's an even darker side to how people react to jargon.
    人们对术语的反应还有一个更阴暗的一面。
In another study, researchers found that reading scientific articles containing jargon led people to doubt the actual science.
    在另一项研究中，研究人员发现，阅读含有术语的科学文章会导致人们怀疑科学本身。
They found the opposite, when a text is easier to read, then people are more persuaded.
    他们发现了相反的情况，即当文章更容易阅读时，人们更容易被说服。
Thus, it's important to communicate clearly when talking about complex science subjects.
    因此，在谈论复杂的科学课题时，清晰地沟通非常重要。
This is especially true with issues related to public health, like the safety of new medications and the benefits of vaccines.
    对于与公共卫生相关的问题尤其如此，例如新药物的安全性和疫苗的好处。
Schulman concedes that the use of jargon is appropriate with scientific audiences.
    舒尔曼承认，在科学受众中使用术语是合适的。
But scientists who want to communicate with the general public need to modify their language.
    但想要与普通公众交流的科学家需要调整他们的语言。
They need to eliminate jargon.
    他们需要消除术语。
Q9. What does the passage say about the use of jargon terms by experts?
    关于专家使用术语，文章说了什么？
Q10. What do researchers find about people reading scientific articles containing jargon terms?
    关于阅读含有术语的科学文章的人，研究人员发现了什么？
Q11. What does Schulman suggest scientists do when communicating with the general public?
    在与普通公众交流时，舒尔曼建议科学家怎么做？

═══ PASSAGE 2 ═══

At the beginning of the twentieth century, on the Gulf Coast in the US state of Texas, there was a hill where gas leakage was so noticeable that schoolboys would sometimes set the hill on fire.
    20 世纪初，在美国德克萨斯州墨西哥湾沿岸，有一座小山，那里的气体泄漏非常明显，以至于男学生有时会点燃小山。
Patio Higgins, a disreputable local businessman, became convinced that there was oil below the gassy hill.
    帕蒂奥·希金斯，一个名声不佳的当地商人，坚信这座冒气的小山下面有石油。
Oil wells weren't drilled back then; they were essentially dug.
    当时的油井并不是钻出来的，基本上是挖出来的。
The sand under the hill defeated several attempts by Higgins' workers to make a proper hole.
    小山下的沙子使希金斯的工人几次打井的尝试都失败了。
Higgins had forecast oil at 1,000 feet, a totally made-up figure.
    希金斯曾预测在 1,000 英尺处有石油，这是一个完全杜撰出来的数字。
Higgins subsequently hired a mining engineer, Captain Anthony Lucas.
    希金斯随后聘请了一位采矿工程师，安东尼·卢卡斯上尉。
After encountering several setbacks, Captain Lucas decided to use a drill, and his innovations created the modern oil drilling industry.
    在遇到几次挫折后，卢卡斯上尉决定使用钻头，他的创新创造了现代石油钻探工业。
In January 1901, at 1,020 feet, almost precisely the depth predicted by Higgins' wild guess, the well roared and suddenly ejected mud and six tons of drilling pipe out of the ground, terrifying those present.
    1901 年 1 月，在 1,020 英尺深处，几乎正是希金斯凭空猜测的深度，油井发出了轰鸣声，突然从地下喷出了泥浆和 6 吨钻杆，吓坏了在场的人。
For the next nine days, until the well was capped, the well poured out more oil than all the wells in America combined.
    在接下来的 9 天里，直到油井被封上，这口井喷出的石油比全美所有油井的总和还要多。
In those days, Texas was almost entirely rural, with no large cities and practically no industry.
    在那个年代，德克萨斯州几乎完全是农村，没有大城市，也几乎没有工业。
Cotton and beef were the foundation of the economy.
    棉花和牛肉是经济的基础。
Higgins' well changed that.
    希金斯的油井改变了这一点。
The boom made some prospectors millionaires, but the sudden surplus of petroleum was not entirely a blessing for Texas.
    石油繁荣使一些勘探者成了百万富翁，但石油的突然过剩对德克萨斯州来说并不完全是一件好事。
In the 1930s, prices crashed to the point that in some parts of the country, oil was cheaper than water.
    在 20 世纪 30 年代，价格暴跌，以至于在全国一些地区，石油比水还便宜。
That would become a familiar pattern of the boom or bust Texas economy.
    这将成为德克萨斯州经济繁荣或萧条的熟悉模式。
Q12. What did Texas businessman Patio Higgins believe?
    德克萨斯州商人帕蒂奥·希金斯相信什么？
Q13. What prevented Higgins' workers from digging a proper hole to get the oil?
    是什么阻止了希金斯的工人挖出合适的井来获取石油？
Q14. What does the passage say about Captain Lucas' drilling method?
    关于卢卡斯上尉的钻井方法，文章说了什么？
Q15. What do we learn about Texas's oil industry boom?
    关于德克萨斯州石油工业的繁荣，我们能了解到什么？

═══ RECORDING 1 ═══

Most people dislike their jobs.
    大多数人都不喜欢他们的工作。
It's an astonishing but statistical fact.
    这是一个令人惊讶但有据可查的事实。
A primary cause of employee dissatisfaction, according to fresh research, is that many believe they have terrible managers.
    根据最新的研究，员工不满的主要原因是许多人认为他们遇到了糟糕的经理。
Few describe their managers as malicious or manipulative, though, while those types certainly exist, they are a minority.
    虽然恶意或操纵型的经理确实存在，但很少有人这样描述他们的经理，他们只是少数。
The majority of managers seemingly just don't know any better.
    大多数经理似乎只是不知道有更好的管理方式。
They're often emulating bad managers they've had in the past.
    他们通常在模仿自己过去遇到过的糟糕经理。
It's likely they've never read a management book or attended a management course.
    他们可能从未读过管理类书籍，也从未参加过管理课程。
They might not have even reflected on what good management looks like and how it would influence their own management style.
    他们甚至可能从未思考过什么是好的管理，以及它会如何影响自己的管理风格。
The researchers interviewed employees about their managers, beginning with a question about the worst manager they had ever had.
    研究人员采访了员工关于他们的经理的情况，首先问的是他们遇到过的最糟糕的经理。
From this, the researchers came up with four main causes of why some managers are perceived as being simply awful at their jobs.
    由此，研究人员总结出了为什么有些经理被认为在工作中表现很糟糕的四个主要原因。
The first cause was company culture, which was seen by employees as enabling poor management practices.
    第一个原因是公司文化，员工认为这导致了糟糕的管理行为。
It was specifically stressful work environments, minimal training, and a lack of accountability that were found to be the most blameworthy.
    具体而言，压力巨大的工作环境、极少的培训以及缺乏问责制被认为是最应受指责的。
Often a manager's superiors can effectively encourage a manager's distasteful behavior when they fail to discipline the person's wrongdoings.
    通常，当经理的上司未能对该人的错误行为进行惩戒时，他们实际上是在鼓励经理令人反感的行为。
Such workplaces are sometimes described as toxic.
    这样的工作场所被描述为“有毒的”。
The second cause was attributed to the managers' characteristics: those deemed to be most destructive were odd people, those without drive, those who allow personal problems into the workplace, and those with an unpleasant temperament or personality in general.
    第二个原因归结为经理的个人特征：那些被认为最具破坏性的人是古怪的人、缺乏动力的人、将个人问题带入工作场所的人，以及通常脾气或性格不好的人。
The third cause of poor management was associated with their deficiency of qualifications.
    第三个糟糕管理的原因与他们缺乏资质有关。
Not so much the formal variety one obtains from a university, but the informal variety that comes from credible work experience and professional accomplishments.
    这指的不是从大学获得的正式学历，而是来自可靠工作经验和职业成就的非正式资历。
The fourth cause concerned managers who've been promoted for reasons other than potential.
    第四个原因涉及那些因为潜力以外的其他原因而被提拔的经理。
One reason in particular why these people had been promoted was that they had been around the longest.
    这些人被提拔的一个特别原因是因为他们任职时间最长。
It wasn't their skillset or other merits that got them the job, it was their tenure.
    让他们获得这份工作的不是他们的技能组合或其他优点，而是他们的任期。
A point worth making is that the study was based only on the perspective of employees.
    值得注意的一点是，这项研究仅基于员工的角度。
The researchers didn't ask senior leaders what they thought of their front-line managers.
    研究人员没有询问高级领导对一线经理的看法。
It's quite possible they're content with how the individuals they promoted are now performing, merrily ignorant of the damage they're actually causing, which might explain why, as the researchers conclude, those same middle managers are usually unaware that they are a bad manager.
    很有可能他们对自己提拔的人目前的表现感到满意，却浑然不知他们实际上造成的损害，这也许可以解释为什么研究人员得出结论，那些中层经理通常意识不到自己是一个糟糕的经理。
Q16. What is a primary cause of employee dissatisfaction according to recent research?
    根据最近的研究，员工不满的主要原因是什么？
Q17. What is one of the causes for poor management practices?
    导致糟糕管理行为的原因之一是什么？
Q18. What do we learn about the study on job dissatisfaction?
    关于这项关于工作不满的研究，我们能了解到什么？

═══ RECORDING 2 ═══

With the use of driverless vehicles seemingly inevitable, mining companies in the vast Australian desert state of Western Australia are definitely taking the lead.
    随着无人驾驶车辆的使用似乎已不可避免，位于澳大利亚广阔沙漠州西澳大利亚州的矿业公司无疑正处于领先地位。
Iron ore is a key ingredient in steel-making.
    铁矿石是炼钢的关键成分。
The mining companies here produce almost 300 million tons of iron ore a year.
    这里的矿业公司每年生产近 3 亿吨铁矿石。
The 240 giant autonomous trucks in use, in the Western Australian mines, can weigh 400 tons, fully loaded, and travel at speeds of up to 60 kilometers per hour.
    在西澳大利亚矿区使用的 240 辆巨型自动驾驶卡车在满载时可重达 400 吨，行驶速度最高可达每小时 60 公里。
They are a technological leap, transporting iron ore along routes which run for hundreds of kilometers from mines to their destinations.
    它们是一项技术飞跃，沿着从矿山到目的地的数百公里路线运输铁矿石。
Here, when the truck arrives at its destination, staff in the operation center direct it precisely where to unload.
    在这里，当卡车到达目的地时，操作中心的工作人员会指示它在精确的位置卸货。
Vast quantities of iron ore are then transported by autonomous trains to ocean ports.
    随后，大量的铁矿石由自动驾驶火车运往海港。
Advocates argue these automated vehicles will change mining forever.
    倡导者认为，这些自动化车辆将永远改变采矿业。
It may only be five years before the use of automation technology leads to a fully robotic mine.
    也许再过五年，自动化技术的使用就会催生一个全机器人的矿井。
A range of factors has pushed Western Australia's desert region to the lead of this automation revolution.
    一系列因素促使西澳大利亚沙漠地区在这场自动化革命中处于领先地位。
These include the huge size of the mines, the scale of equipment, and the repetitive nature of some of the work.
    其中包括矿山的巨大规模、设备的量级以及某些工作的重复性质。
Then there's the area's remoteness, at 502,000 square kilometers, it can sometimes make recruiting staff a challenge.
    此外，该地区地处偏远，面积达 50.2 万平方公里，有时会使招聘员工成为一项挑战。
Another consideration is the risks when humans interact with large machinery.
    另一个考虑因素是人类与大型机械互动时的风险。
There are also the financial imperatives.
    还有财务上的紧迫性。
The ongoing push by the mining corporations to be more productive and more efficient is another powerful driver in embracing automation technology.
    矿业公司不断推动提高生产率和效率，是拥抱自动化技术的另一个强大驱动力。
The concept of a fully autonomous mine is a bit of a misleading term, however.
    然而，“全自动矿井”的概念有点误导。
This is because the more technology is put into the field, the more people are needed to deploy, maintain and improve it.
    这是因为投入该领域的技术越多，就需要越多的人来部署、维护和改进它。
The automation and digitization of the industry is creating a need for different jobs.
    该行业的自动化和数字化正在创造对不同工作的需求。
These include data scientists and engineers in automation and artificial intelligence.
    其中包括数据科学家以及自动化和人工智能领域的工程师。
The mining companies claim automation and robotics present opportunities to make mining more sustainable and safer.
    矿业公司声称，自动化和机器人技术为使采矿业更可持续、更安全提供了机会。
Employees will be offered a career that is even more fulfilling and more rewarding.
    员工将获得一个更充实、更有回报的职业生涯。
Workers' unions have accepted the inevitability of the introduction of new technology, but they still have reservations about the rise of automation technology.
    工会已经接受了引进新技术的必然性，但他们对自动化技术的兴起仍持保留意见。
Their main concern is the potential impact on remote communities.
    他们最担心的是对偏远社区的潜在影响。
As automation spreads further, the question is how these remote communities will survive when the old jobs are eliminated.
    随着自动化的进一步普及，问题在于，当旧的工作岗位被消除时，这些偏远社区将如何生存。
And this may well prove to be the most significant impact of robotic technology in many places around the world.
    而这很可能被证明是机器人技术在世界许多地方产生的最重大影响。
Q19. What does the passage say about the mining industry in Western Australia?
    关于西澳大利亚的采矿业，文章说了什么？
Q20. What is the impact of the digitization of the mining industry?
    采矿业数字化的影响是什么？
Q21. What is the attitude of workers' union towards the introduction of new technology?
    工会对引进新技术的态度是什么？

═══ RECORDING 3 ═══

According to official statistics, Thailand's annual road death rate is almost double the global average.
    根据官方统计，泰国的年度道路死亡率几乎是全球平均水平的两倍。
Thai people know that their roads are dangerous, but they don't know this could easily be changed.
    泰国人知道他们的道路很危险，但他们不知道这可以很容易地改变。
Globally, road accidents kill more people every year than any infectious disease.
    在全球范围内，每年死于交通事故的人数超过任何传染病。
Researchers at the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation in America put the death toll in 2017 at 1.
    美国健康指标与评估研究所的研究人员将2017年的死亡人数定为1
24 million.
    2400万。
According to the institute, the overall number of deaths has been more or less static since the turn of the century.
    根据该研究所的数据，自本世纪初以来，死亡总数或多或少保持不变。
But that disguises a lot of changes in individual countries.
    但这掩盖了各个国家的许多变化。
In many poor countries, road accidents are killing more people than ever before.
    在许多贫穷国家，死于交通事故的人数比以往任何时候都多。
Those countries have swelling, young populations, a fast-growing fleet of cars and motorbikes, and a limited supply of surgeons.
    这些国家拥有不断增长的年轻人口、快速增长的汽车和摩托车数量，以及有限的外科医生供应。
It is impossible to know for sure, because official statistics are so inadequate.
    由于官方统计数据非常不足，不可能确切知道。
But deaths are thought to have risen by 40% since 1990 in many low income countries.
    但据认为，自 1990 年以来，许多低收入国家的死亡人数增加了 40%。
In many rich countries, by contrast, roads are becoming even safer.
    相比之下，在许多富裕国家，道路变得更加安全。
In Estonia and Ireland, for example, the number of deaths has fallen by about two thirds since the late 1990s.
    例如，在爱沙尼亚和爱尔兰，自 20 世纪 90 年代后期以来，死亡人数下降了约三分之二。
But the most important and intriguing changes are taking place in middle income countries, which contain most of the world's people and have some of the most dangerous roads.
    但最重要和最耐人寻味的变化发生在拥有世界大部分人口和一些最危险道路的中等收入国家。
According to researchers in China and South Africa, traffic deaths have been falling since 2000, and in India since 2012, and the Philippines reached its peak four years ago.
    据中国和南非的研究人员称，自 2000 年以来，交通死亡人数一直在下降，印度自 2012 年以来也在下降，而菲律宾在四年前达到了峰值。
The question is whether Thailand can soon follow suit.
    问题是泰国是否能很快效仿。
Rob McKinney, head of the International Road Assessment Program, says that all countries tend to go through three phases.
    国际道路评估计划负责人罗布·麦金尼表示，所有国家往往都会经历三个阶段。
They begin with poor, slow roads.
    它们从破旧、缓慢的道路开始。
In the second phase, as they grow wealthier, they pave the roads, allowing traffic to move faster and pushing up the death rate.
    在第二个阶段，随着国家变得更加富裕，它们铺设道路，使车辆行驶更快，从而推高了死亡率。
Lastly, in the third phase, countries act to make their roads safer.
    最后，在第三个阶段，国家采取行动使道路更加安全。
The trick, then, is to reach the third stage sooner by focusing earlier and more closely on fatal accidents.
    那么，窍门就是通过更早、更密切地关注致命事故，更早地达到第三个阶段。
How to do that?
    如何做到这一点？
The solution lies not just in better infrastructure, but in better social incentives.
    解决方案不仅在于更好的基础设施，还在于更好的社会激励。
Safe driving habits are practices which people know they should follow but often don't.
    安全驾驶习惯是人们知道应该遵守但往往不遵守的做法。
Dangerous driving is not a fixed cultural trait as some imagine.
    危险驾驶并不像一些人想象的那样是一种固定的文化特征。
People respond to incentives such as traffic laws that are actually enforced.
    人们对激励措施做出反应，例如实际执行的交通法规。
Q22. What does the speaker say about traffic accidents in Thailand?
    说话者关于泰国的交通事故说了什么？
Q23. What do we learn from an American institute's statistics regarding road deaths?
    从美国一家研究所关于道路死亡的统计数据中，我们能了解到什么？
Q24. What is said about middle income countries?
    关于中等收入国家说了什么？
Q25. What else could be done to reduce fatal road accidents in addition to safer roads?
    除了更安全的道路之外，还可以采取什么措施来减少致命的道路交通事故？
