
═══ CONVERSATION 1 ═══

W: Hi Alan, sorry for not calling you back sooner.
    嗨，艾伦，抱歉没能早点给你回电话。
W: You said on the phone you had something you needed to discuss with me?
    你在电话里说你有事要跟我商量？
M: Well, to get right down to it, I'm having second thoughts about my major.
    额，直说吧，我正在重新考虑我的专业。
M: With my family situation getting more complicated, and the end of my university education nearing, persisting with art history just doesn't seem the right choice.
    随着我的家庭状况变得越来越复杂，而且大学学业也快结束了，坚持学艺术史似乎不是一个正确的选择。
W: Alan, in the last three years, I have heard nothing but how passionate you are about the art history program.
    艾伦，在过去的三年里，我听到的全是关于你对艺术史课程有多么热爱的消息。
W: You often told fellow classmates how fabulous the instructors were, and that you finally felt accepted.
    你经常告诉同学们老师们有多么出色，而且你终于觉得被认可了。
W: What would cause you to abandon it?
    是什么原因让你想要放弃它呢？
M: My father's current financial situation has helped me realize that a more financially viable employment opportunity is not necessarily a bad thing.
    我父亲目前的经济状况让我意识到，一个更有经济保障的就业机会未必是一件坏事。
M: Art history nourishes my soul, but does nothing to put food on my plate.
    艺术史滋养了我的灵魂，但它没法让我糊口。
W: What about all the work opportunities I discussed with you last month?
    那我上个月跟你讨论的那些工作机会呢？
W: Have you gone to those places of business to investigate whether any legitimate positions might be available for someone with your background?
    你有没有去那些企业调查一下，看看是否有适合你背景的人选的正规职位？
M: Um, well...
    嗯，这个……
W: Look, Alan, if your heart is set on working in the art industry, you need to be more assertive and start talking with people.
    听着，艾伦，如果你一心想在艺术界工作，你就需要表现得更积极主动一些，开始与人交流。
W: Networking is key if you want to become a celebrity in the world of museums and galleries.
    如果你想成为博物馆和画廊界的知名人物，人脉是关键。
M: Time is a very precious commodity right now.
    现在时间是非常宝贵的财富。
M: My social life does not exist.
    我的社交生活几乎不存在。
M: I can barely keep up with my studies and thesis is due by the end of this year.
    我勉强能跟上学业，而且论文要在今年年底前交。
M: When can I find time to research jobs when I have so much to do as it is?
    我现在要做的事情这么多，哪有时间去找工作呢？
W: What you do now will determine your future options.
    你现在的所作所为将决定你未来的选择。
W: Now is the optimum time to put forth your best effort.
    现在是你付出最大努力的最佳时机。
M: I will take what you said into consideration.
    我会考虑你说的话的。
M: The advice is much appreciated.
    非常感谢你的建议。
Q1. What did the man want to discuss with the woman?
    男的想和女的讨论什么？
Q2. Why does the man want to give up art history?
    为什么男的想放弃艺术史？
Q3. What does the woman advise the man to do?
    女的建议男的怎么做？
Q4. What does the man say he really lacks right now?
    男的说他现在真正缺少的是什么？

═══ CONVERSATION 2 ═══

M: Have you decided yet what your end of semester business project will be on?
    你决定好期末商业项目要做什么了吗？
W: Yes, how about you?
    是的，你呢？
M: Yes, go on.
    是的，继续说。
M: You go first.
    你先说。
W: I'm going to do it about beef.
    我打算做关于牛肉的项目。
M: Beef?
    牛肉？
W: Yeah, beef.
    是的，牛肉。
W: I'm going to design a business case study for a cow farm that supplies beef for the domestic market.
    我打算为一个供应国内市场的养牛场设计一个商业案例研究。
M: Wow, that sounds very interesting and original.
    哇，听起来非常有趣且新颖。
M: Where ever did you get that idea?
    你到底是从哪儿得到这个主意的？
W: I don't know, it just came to me I guess.
    我不知道，我想它就是突然出现在我脑海里的。
W: But think about it.
    但想想看。
W: Beef consumption has been rising strongly over the past 20 years.
    在过去的20年里，牛肉消费一直增长强劲。
W: As the economy continues to grow, consumer demand is expected to continue to increase, for the foreseeable future.
    随着经济的持续增长，预计在可预见的未来，消费者需求将继续增加。
W: And currently, most of the beef is imported, which brings with it added fees.
    目前大部分牛肉都是进口的，这带来了额外的费用。
W: So why not raise cattle here?
    那为什么不在这里养牛呢？
M: Of course.
    当然了。
M: Makes perfect sense.
    完全有道理。
M: There's plenty of land out west, so if done right, it should be very profitable to raise our own cattle.
    西部有很多土地，所以如果做得好，养殖我们自己的牛应该是很有利可图的。
W: Exactly.
    没错。
M: Seriously, that sounds like a great idea.
    说真的，这听起来是个很棒的主意。
M: You should genuinely look into it once we get our degrees.
    我们拿到学位后，你真的应该研究一下这个。
W: Thanks.
    谢谢。
W: So, your turn now.
    那么，轮到你了。
W: What are you doing your case study on?
    你的案例研究是关于什么的？
M: I was thinking about a car wash, but it now seems like such a boring notion after hearing your brilliant idea.
    我本来在想洗车店，但在听了你的绝妙主意后，这现在似乎成了一个非常乏味的想法。
M: That's cool.
    那很酷啊。
M: I could see that working.
    我觉得那是行得通的。
M: After all, there's plenty of cars about, and those aren't going away anytime soon.
    毕竟，到处都是车，而且短期内它们不会消失。
M: While many people don't care how their car looks, many other people do.
    虽然很多人不在乎他们的车看起来怎么样，但也有很多人在乎。
M: You've got yourself a vast and continual market.
    你拥有一个庞大且持续的市场。
W: Right.
    对。
W: So the idea is a large, self cleaning car wash.
    所以我的想法是一个大型的自动清洗洗车店。
W: But I mean really big and well outfitted, like they have in America.
    但我的意思是那种规模很大、设备齐全的，就像美国的那种。
W: I was thinking of having it cater to high end consumers in large cities.
    我在想让它迎合大城市的高端消费者。
W: It could charge a profitable mark up by offering just a bit more technical equipment and professional service than competitors.
    它可以通过提供比竞争对手稍微多一点的技术设备和专业服务来收取有利可图的溢价。
Q5. What are the speakers mainly talking about in the conversation?
    说话者在对话中主要谈论什么？
Q6. What does the man say makes perfect sense?
    男的说什么是完全有道理的？
Q7. What business does the man say has a vast and continual market?
    男的说哪个行业拥有庞大且持续的市场？
Q8. Who would the man's imagined business cater to?
    男的想象中的生意会迎合谁的需求？

═══ PASSAGE 1 ═══

Increased television time for young children has long been linked with poorer progress in some areas of development.
    幼儿看电视时间的增加长期以来一直与某些发展领域的进展较慢有关。
One possible way to counter those negative effects is talking while watching the screen.
    抵消这些负面影响的一种可能方法是在观看屏幕时进行交谈。
As a new study suggests, the more parents engaged in conversation with preschoolers during TV time, the more likely those children were to have higher curiosity levels when they reached kindergarten.
    正如一项新研究表明，父母在看电视期间与学龄前儿童交谈得越多，这些孩子在进入幼儿园时拥有更高好奇心水平的可能性就越大。
This was particularly true for children with socioeconomic disadvantages.
    对于社会经济地位处于劣势的孩子来说，情况尤其如此。
"Our findings reinforce the importance of parent conversation to promote early childhood development and curiosity," said lead author Prachi Shah at University of Michigan Health C.S. Mott Children's Hospital.
    密歇根大学健康中心C.S. 莫特儿童医院的主要作者普拉奇·沙阿说：“我们的发现增强了家长对话在促进幼儿发展和好奇心方面的重要性。”
Researchers assessed hours of daily television exposure and frequency of parent screen time conversation among 1,500 preschoolers.
    研究人员评估了1500名学龄前儿童每天看电视的小时数以及父母在看电视时与之交谈的频率。
And then measured early childhood curiosity in kindergarten.
    然后在幼儿园阶段测量了幼儿的好奇心。
The study specifically focused on curiosity levels, which are associated with enhanced learning and higher academic achievement in reading and math at kindergarten.
    该研究专门关注好奇心水平，好奇心与幼儿园阶段阅读和数学学习能力的增强以及更高的学术成就相关。
And behavioral developmental benefits, especially for children from families with lower socioeconomic status.
    以及行为发展方面的益处，特别是对于来自社会经济地位较低家庭的孩子。
While many young children are now growing up with digital media exposure through mobile devices like tablets and phones.
    虽然现在的许多幼儿是在通过平板电脑和手机等移动设备接触数字媒体的环境中长大的。
Television remains a dominant screen activity, accounting for 72% of all screen time.
    电视仍然是主要的屏幕活动，占所有屏幕时间的72%。
TVs are in 98% of all homes, keeping television exposure a relevant developmental context in young children.
    98%的家庭都有电视，这使得看电视成为幼儿的一个相关发展背景。
Excessive media exposure, including television, can displace exploratory activities such as play and parent child interactions, which are believed to be key to cultivating curiosity in kids.
    过度的媒体接触，包括电视，可能会取代游戏和亲子互动等探索性活动，而这些活动被认为是培养孩子好奇心的关键。
Our findings suggest the importance of parents finding opportunities to foster conversational exchanges in daily routines with their young children, including while watching television, Shah said.
    沙阿说，我们的发现表明，父母在日常生活中寻找机会与幼儿进行对话交流非常重要，包括在看电视的时候。
Q9. What do we learn from a new study about young children?
    关于幼儿，我们从一项新研究中了解到了什么？
Q10. What did Prachi Shah's study specifically focus on?
    普拉奇·沙阿的研究专门关注什么？
Q11. What does the passage say about excessive media exposure?
    关于过度接触媒体，文章怎么说？

═══ PASSAGE 2 ═══

Humans are aspirational, goal seeking beings.
    人类是具有抱负、追求目标的生物。
Each of us, according to research, has an inborn drive to acquire.
    根据研究，我们每个人都有一种天生的获取欲望。
The dark side of this drive to acquire is being mindlessly driven to possess more and more things and to socially compare our stuff with all the stuff other people have in their lives.
    这种获取欲望的阴暗面是盲目地追求拥有越来越多的东西，并在社交上将我们的东西与他人生活中的所有东西进行比较。
So the question is, how do we ensure we tap into our drive to acquire in positive ways that will benefit our well being?
    所以问题是，我们如何确保以积极的方式利用我们的获取欲望，从而造福我们的福祉？
One way is to become more intentionally aspirational.
    一种方法是变得更加有目的地追求抱负。
To be intentionally aspirational includes consciously aspiring to be the person you need to be to succeed in your professional and personal life.
    有目的地追求抱负包括有意识地渴望成为你在职业和个人生活中取得成功所需要成为的人。
It also includes consciously aspiring to acquire things in your life that will positively impact your sense of well being.
    它还包括有意识地渴望在你的生活中获得那些会对你的幸福感产生积极影响的东西。
If you're not consciously, mindfully, and intentionally harnessing your inborn drive to acquire, you might be mindlessly pursuing all the wrong things.
    如果你没有有意识地、留心地、有目的地利用你天生的获取欲望，你可能会盲目地追求所有错误的东西。
While your intentional, aspirational goals will include the pursuit of acquiring things that will increase your sense of well being, they ought to also include goals to help other people in your various life roles.
    虽然你有目的、有抱负的目标将包括追求获得能增加你幸福感的东西，但它们也应该包括在你不同的生活角色中帮助他人的目标。
Your intentional, aspirational goals will also include striving to be your personal best, a person of good character, integrity, and trustworthiness.
    你有目的、有抱负的目标还将包括努力成为最好的自己，一个具有良好品格、正直且值得信赖的人。
Think about this from a practical rather than theoretical viewpoint.
    从实践而非理论的角度考虑这一点。
If you're not pursuing intentional aspirational goals, you have nothing to strive for.
    如果你没有追求有目的、有抱负的目标，你就没有什么可以为之奋斗的了。
If you have nothing to strive for, you're putting yourself in the dangerous position of simply drifting through life, and you'll not be able to experience, live, and enjoy all that life has to offer.
    如果你没有什么可奋斗的，你就会让自己陷入随波逐流的危险境地，你将无法体验、生活和享受生活所能提供的一切。
Q12. What is the dark side of our inborn drive to acquire?
    我们天生的获取欲望的阴暗面是什么？
Q13. What might happen if we do not harness our inborn drive to acquire?
    如果我们不利用我们天生的获取欲望，会发生什么？
Q14. What does the passage say about our intentional aspirational goals?
    关于我们有目的、有抱负的目标，文章怎么说？
Q15. What will you end up doing without pursuing intentional aspirational goals?
    如果没有追求有目的、有抱负的目标，你最终会做什么？

═══ RECORDING 1 ═══

It's revision time for exams and dissertations.
    现在是考试和论文的复习时间。
The pressure is on, so you'll want all the help you can get to age your memory and raise your grades.
    压力很大，所以你会想要所有能得到的帮助来增强记忆力并提高成绩。
As a nutrition expert, I want to say that eating well can make a real difference to your revision regime.
    作为一名营养专家，我想说，吃得好能让你的复习计划大不相同。
So, what brain boosting food and drink would I recommend?
    那么，我会推荐哪些健脑的食物和饮料呢？
Coffee can have numerous benefits.
    咖啡有很多好处。
However, while coffee may make you more alert, Individuals can build up a tolerance, meaning this is short lived.
    然而，虽然咖啡可能会让你更清醒，但个人可能会产生耐受性，这意味着这种效果是短暂的。
Coffee can also increase blood sugar and eventually cause lack of focus and energy.
    咖啡还会增加血糖，并最终导致注意力不集中和精力不足。
It's also worth noting that people react differently to coffee.
    还值得注意的是，人们对咖啡的反应不同。
Some people can drink it at midnight and go straight to sleep, whereas others get feelings of anxiety after a small amount.
    有些人可以在午夜喝了咖啡后直接入睡，而另一些人在喝了少量咖啡后就会感到焦虑。
Also remember that coffee from a coffee shop may be stronger than coffee made at home, so stop drinking coffee by 2 p.
    还要记住，咖啡店的咖啡可能比家里冲的咖啡更浓，所以下午2点以后就不要喝咖啡了。
m.
    点
and have a maximum of two cups of coffee a day.
    每天最多喝两杯咖啡。
But be aware of your own reaction to it.
    但要注意你对它的反应。
Whole grain foods will ward off hunger.
    全谷物食品可以防止饥饿。
Examples include porridge and whole wheat bread.
    例子包括粥和全麦面包。
Combining whole grain foods with protein will help keep your blood sugar levels balanced, which is essential for mood and concentration.
    将全谷物食品与蛋白质结合使用有助于保持血糖水平平衡，这对情绪和注意力至关重要。
Berries and nuts are a convenient and nutritious snack.
    浆果和坚果是方便且营养丰富的零食。
Blueberries, like many dark colored fruits and vegetables, can slow down brain damage and age-related decline.
    蓝莓和许多深色的蔬菜水果一样，可以减缓大脑损伤和与年龄相关的衰退。
Frozen berries are also a good choice.
    冷冻浆果也是一个不错的选择。
They are usually cheap, last longer, and don't lose their nutrients when frozen.
    它们通常很便宜，保存时间更长，而且冷冻时不会流失营养。
But flavored and coated nuts are less healthy, as they contain added oil, salt, and sugar.
    但带口味和有涂层的坚果不太健康，因为它们含有添加的油、盐和糖。
Doctors often recommend taking vitamin supplements to top up on the nutrients you need.
    医生经常建议服用维生素补充剂来补充你需要的营养。
But I would say food should always come before supplements, and the key to getting as many nutrients as possible is to eat a varied diet, with lots of different colors such as frozen berries and dark green vegetables.
    但我想说，食物应该始终先于补充剂，而获得尽可能多营养的关键是饮食多样化，多吃不同颜色的食物，如冷冻浆果和深绿色蔬菜。
It's better to get everything you need from food and drink.
    最好从食物和饮料中获取你需要的一切。
For example, oranges contain not only vitamin C, which boosts the immune system, but also fiber and other components that you can't get packaged together in a tablet.
    例如，橙子不仅含有能增强免疫系统的维生素C，还含有纤维和其他成分，这些成分是无法封装在药片里的。
Don't forget to drink a proper amount of water, which can boost attention by almost 25%, and can elevate your mood as well.
    别忘了喝适量的水，这可以将注意力提高近25%，还可以提升你的情绪。
Finally, don't skip meals.
    最后，不要跳过正餐。
Eating regularly will help keep blood sugar balanced, and feed the brain with the fuel it needs.
    规律饮食有助于保持血糖平衡，并为大脑提供所需的燃料。
Q16. What does the speaker recommend in this talk?
    说话者在这次演讲中推荐了什么？
Q17. What does the speaker warn against about coffee?
    关于咖啡，说话者警告不要做什么？
Q18. How can we get sufficient nutrients according to the speaker?
    根据说话者的说法，我们如何获得充足的营养？

═══ RECORDING 2 ═══

A late Swedish academic has identified a worrying trend.
    已故的一位瑞典学者发现了一个令人担忧的趋势。
Not only do many people across advanced economies have no idea that the world is becoming a much better place, but they actually even think the opposite.
    发达经济体中的许多人不仅不知道世界正在变得越来越好，甚至还持有相反的看法。
This is no wonder, when the news focuses on reporting catastrophes, terrorist attacks, wars, and famines.
    这并不奇怪，因为新闻主要关注报道灾难、恐怖袭击、战争和饥荒。
Who wants to hear about the fact that every day some 200,000 people around the world are lifted above the two dollar a day poverty line?
    谁想听这样的事实：每天全世界约有20万人摆脱了每天2美元的贫困线？
Or that more than 300,000 people get access to electricity and clean water for the first time every day?
    或者每天有超过30万人首次获得电力和清洁饮用水？
These stories of people in low income countries simply don't make for exciting news coverage.
    这些低收入国家人们的故事根本不适合作为令人兴奋的新闻报道。
But as Rosling pointed out in his book Factfulness.
    但正如罗斯林在他的《事实》一书中所指出的那样。
It's important to put all the bad news in perspective.
    正确看待所有的坏消息很重要。
While it is true that globalization has put some downward pressure on middle class wages in advanced economies in recent decades, it has also helped lift hundreds of millions of people out of poverty.
    虽然近几十年来全球化确实给发达经济体的中产阶级工资带来了一些下行压力，但它也帮助数亿人摆脱了贫困。
If we really care about global welfare, globalization is the only way forward to ensure that economic prosperity is shared among all countries and not only a select few advanced economies.
    如果我们真的关心全球福祉，全球化是确保经济繁荣在所有国家共享而不仅仅是少数选定的发达经济体的唯一途径。
While some people glorify the past, One of the big facts of economic history is that until quite recently, a significant part of the world's population has lived under quite miserable conditions.
    虽然有些人美化过去，但经济史上的一个重大事实是，直到最近，世界人口的一大部分仍生活在相当悲惨的条件下。
And this is true throughout most of human history.
    在人类历史的大部分时间里都是如此。
While there were many long lasting ups and downs, like the Great Depression or the recent Great Recession, the constancy of the long run growth rate is actually quite miraculous.
    虽然经历了许多长期的起伏，如大萧条或最近的大衰退，但长期增长率的稳定性实际上是非常神奇的。
Low income countries, including China and India, have been growing at a significantly faster pace in recent decades, and are quickly catching up to the West.
    包括中国和印度在内的低收入国家近几十年来一直以显著更快的速度增长，并且正在迅速赶上西方。
A 10 percent growth rate over a prolonged period means that income levels double roughly every seven years.
    长期保持10%的增长率意味着收入水平大约每七年翻一番。
It is obviously good news if prosperity is more shared across the globe.
    如果繁荣在全球范围内得到更广泛的共享，这显然是个好消息。
While inequality within countries has gone up as a result of globalization, global inequality has been on a steady downward trend for several decades.
    虽然由于全球化，国家内部的不平等现象有所增加，但几十年来，全球不平等现象一直呈稳步下降趋势。
This is mostly a result of the improvement of hundreds of millions of people's living standards.
    这主要是数亿人生活水平提高的结果。
In fact, for the first time ever since the Industrial Revolution, about half of the global population can be considered middle class.
    事实上，自工业革命以来，全球约一半的人口首次可以被视为中产阶级。
Q19. What is the worrying trend the late Swedish academic has identified?
    已故瑞典学者发现的令人担忧的趋势是什么？
Q20. What does the speaker say about globalization?
    说话者关于全球化说了什么？
Q21. What do we learn about half of the global population?
    关于全球约一半的人口，我们了解到了什么？

═══ RECORDING 3 ═══

We all know that the sense of smell is powerful.
    我们都知道嗅觉是很强大的。
The delicious scent of bread, for example, can act like a time machine.
    例如，面包诱人的香味可以像时光机一样。
One sniff can bring back a memory from many years ago.
    闻一下就能勾起多年前的回忆。
Indeed, scent particles, in general, can revive memories that have been long forgotten.
    事实上，总的来说，气味颗粒可以唤醒早已被遗忘的记忆。
But why do smells sometimes trigger powerful memories, especially emotional ones?
    但为什么气味有时会引发强烈的记忆，尤其是带有情感色彩的记忆呢？
The short answer is that the brain regions that handle smells, memories, and emotions are linked.
    简而言之，大脑中处理气味、记忆和情感的区域是相连的。
A scent is a chemical particle that floats in through the nose and into the region of the brain responsible for smell, where the sensation is first processed into a form that the brain can read.
    气味是一种化学颗粒，通过鼻子飘入大脑中负责嗅觉的区域，在那里，感觉首先被处理成大脑可以读取的形式。
Brain cells then carry that information to the area of the brain where emotions are processed, and then to an adjacent area of the brain where learning and memory formation take place.
    然后，脑细胞将这些信息传递到处理情绪的大脑区域，接着传递到邻近的学习和记忆形成区域。
Sense are the only sensations that travel such a direct path to the emotional and memory centers of the brain.
    嗅觉是唯一能够如此直接进入大脑情绪和记忆中心的感觉。
That results in an intimate connection between emotions, memories, and sense.
    这导致了情感、记忆和嗅觉之间的密切联系。
Which is why memories triggered by sense are experienced as more emotional than those triggered by sight or sound.
    这就是为什么嗅觉触发的记忆比视觉或听觉触发的记忆带给人的情感感受更强烈。
Let's take a closer look at how those memories are activated.
    让我们近距离看看这些记忆是如何被激活的。
Usually, when a person smells something that's connected to a meaningful event in their past, they'll first have an emotional response to the sensation, and then a memory might follow.
    通常，当一个人闻到与过去有意义的事件相关的气味时，他们首先会对这种感觉产生情绪反应，然后记忆可能会随之而来。
But sometimes, the memory doesn't come to the surface.
    但有时，记忆并没有浮现出来。
The person might feel the emotion of something that happened in the past, but won't remember what they experienced.
    这个人可能会感受到过去发生的某件事的情绪，但记不起他们经历了什么。
What causes this baffling phenomenon?
    是什么导致了这种令人困惑的现象？
The explanation is context.
    解释是情境。
Imagine this scenario.
    想象一下这个场景。
A person is walking down the street, smelling a scent that they first encountered decades ago, which activates an emotional response.
    一个人正走在街上，闻到了几十年前第一次遇到的气味，这激活了情绪反应。
If the person had first come across that smell in a very different context, it will be much more difficult to recover the associated memory, because the brain uses the context to give meaning to the information and find that memory.
    如果这个人最初是在一个完全不同的背景下闻到那个气味的，那么恢复相关的记忆就会困难得多，因为大脑利用背景给信息赋予意义并寻找记忆。
The special nature of memories brought back by scents notwithstanding, they have the same drawbacks as other memories.
    尽管气味带回的记忆具有特殊性，但它们也有和其他记忆相同的缺点。
They aren't always accurate, and they can change over time.
    它们并不总是准确的，而且会随时间而改变。
In fact, each time we remember something, that memory can become distorted.
    事实上，每当我们回想起某件事时，那段记忆都可能变得扭曲。
But, because of the strong emotional associations these memories evoke, people who remember something due to a scent are often convinced that the memories are accurate, even when they aren't.
    但是，由于这些记忆引发的强烈情感联系，因气味而想起某事的人通常深信记忆是准确的，即使事实并非如此。
Q22. What question does the speaker try to answer in this talk?
    说话者在这次演讲中试图回答什么问题？
Q23. What is said to result in an intimate connection between emotions, memories, and sense?
    据说是什么导致了情绪、记忆和嗅觉之间的密切联系？
Q24. What does the brain use to give meaning to information and find a memory?
    大脑用什么来给信息赋予意义并寻找记忆？
Q25. What drawback do memories of sense have in common with other memories?
    嗅觉记忆与其他记忆有什么共同的缺点？
