
═══ CONVERSATION 1 ═══

W: Today's special guest is Lord Blackwell, one of our country's most experienced and distinguished career diplomats.
    今天的特别嘉宾是布莱克威尔勋爵，他是我国最有经验、最杰出的职业外交官之一。
W: Welcome!
    欢迎你！
M: It's my pleasure.
    这是我的荣幸。
W: Our audience will be most interested in learning about a career in the foreign service.
    我们的观众会非常感兴趣了解外交工作的职业生涯。
W: However, before we talk about that, I'd like to ask you about the current developments hitting the news today regarding the Republic of Winopia.
    不过，在谈论这个话题之前，我想问问你关于今天有关维诺皮亚共和国的新闻动态。
W: What can you tell us?
    你能告诉我们些什么？
M: I'm afraid I don't know much beyond what we've all seen on the news.
    恐怕除了我们在新闻上看到的之外，我了解得并不多。
M: It looks like the government of Winopia seems to be undergoing some sort of crisis of legitimacy, and an interim administration has been transitionally established until a head of state is agreed on.
    看起来维诺皮亚政府似乎正在经历某种合法性危机，在就国家元首达成一致之前，已经临时建立了一个过渡政府。
M: But my career work has mostly focused around the continental spheres of Europe and the Americas, and thus I've never been involved with Winopian relations.
    但我的职业工作主要集中在欧洲和美洲大陆领域，因此我从未参与过与维诺皮亚的关系。
M: It's for this reason that I don't know anything on this matter beyond what we can all read in the newspapers.
    正是由于这个原因，除了我们都能在报纸上读到的内容外，我对这件事一无所知。
W: Oh, I see.
    哦，我明白了。
M: Nevertheless, be rest assured that our expert envoys at our consulate there will be closely monitoring the situation, and I expect our bilateral relations with that country will not be affected.
    尽管如此，请放心，我们在那里的领事馆的专家使节将密切关注局势，我预计我们与该国的双边关系不会受到影响。
W: So how does one get a career in foreign relations?
    那么，一个人如何进入外交关系领域工作呢？
M: There are many different paths one can take.
    有很多不同的途径可以走。
M: All diplomats have their own story.
    所有的外交官都有自己的故事。
M: But in my case, I got a degree in electrical engineering followed by six years' service in the air force.
    但就我而言，我获得了电气工程学位，然后在空军服役了六年。
M: Then I went to law school, and upon obtaining a degree in international law, I joined the diplomatic corps where I have been for 22 years.
    然后我去了法学院，在获得国际法学位后，我加入了外交使团，在那待了22年。
W: What would you say are the key skills one needs for the job?
    你认为这份工作需要哪些关键技能？
M: There are so many.
    有很多。
M: Being a hard worker and a good student is important.
    努力工作和做个好学生很重要。
M: You never stop learning.
    你永远不会停止学习。
M: In addition, a diplomat needs to be very articulate in their discourse and rhetoric.
    此外，外交官需要非常善于表达他们的论述和修辞。
M: Whether it is defusing attention or enacting policy, people and communication skills are vital.
    无论是化解注意力还是实施政策，人际交往和沟通技巧都至关重要。
Q1. What do we learn about the man from the conversation?
    从对话中我们了解到关于这个男人的什么？
Q2. What does the man say the government of Winopia is probably undergoing?
    这个男人说维诺皮亚政府可能正在经历什么？
Q3. According to the man, how does one get a career in foreign relations?
    根据这个男人的说法，一个人如何获得外交关系的职业生涯？
Q4. What do the speakers mainly discuss by the end of the conversation?
    在对话结束时，说话者主要讨论了什么？

═══ CONVERSATION 2 ═══

M: It's getting late and we're both displaying signs of weariness.
    时间不早了，我们都表现出了疲惫的迹象。
M: I think we should call it a day and meet again tomorrow morning.
    我想我们今天就到此为止，明天早上再见面。
W: Oh, come on, Jeff.
    哦，得了吧，杰夫。
W: We are so close!
    我们离成功这么近！
W: Don't you think we are almost done?
    你不觉得我们快做完了吗？
W: Let's do two more hours, please.
    请再多做两个小时吧。
M: One hour, then I'm going home.
    一小时，然后我就回家。
W: OK, fine.
    好，行吧。
W: I think we are making good progress, and that with a few more amendments, we will be all done.
    我认为我们取得了不错的进展，再做一些修改，我们就大功告成了。
M: I'm sure looking forward to it.
    我真的很期待。
M: I'm so tired of this project.
    我厌倦了这个项目。
M: Don't get me wrong.
    别误会我的意思。
M: It's a great professional opportunity for me and a milestone for the company, but it's just been so long.
    这对我来说是一个很好的职业机会，也是公司的一个里程碑，但它已经持续太久了。
W: Yeah.
    是的。
W: Two months working on nothing but the same contract is a little tough.
    两个月只研究同一份合同确实有点辛苦。
W: Nevertheless, I think that with a bit of luck, we'll be done by next week.
    尽管如此，我认为运气好的话，我们下周就能做完。
M: Ha, you must be delusional.
    哈，你一定是在产生幻觉。
W: You don't think so?
    你不这么认为吗？
M: No chance.
    没机会。
M: Sections 4, 5, 8 and 9 still have to be aligned to the new framework.
    第4、5、8和9节仍需与新框架保持一致。
M: Then we need to proofread the whole thing and make sure all selling points are watertight.
    然后我们需要校对整个文件，确保所有的卖点都无懈可击。
W: But that will all take no more than a couple of days.
    但那最多也只要几天时间。
M: I wasn't finished.
    我还没说完。
M: When we are done with it and send it upstairs, what do you think will happen?
    等我们做完了送上去，你觉得会发生什么？
W: What?
    什么？
M: They'll argue about it for like a month.
    他们会为此争论一个月左右。
M: There's always going to be the odd board member who intervenes and demands rectifications be made.
    总会有那么几个古怪的董事会成员介入并要求做出整改。
M: They might think that being helpful, but in reality that being obstructive and hampering progress.
    他们可能认为这很有帮助，但实际上这是在阻挠和妨碍进度。
W: Oh, Jeff, you're too preoccupied and cynical.
    哦，杰夫，你太焦虑、太愤世嫉俗了。
W: It won't be anywhere as bad as that.
    情况不会那么糟糕的。
W: You'll see, the entire managerial hierarchy wants to see this project implemented as soon as possible, and the board, too, is virtually unanimous in its support.
    你会看到的，整个管理层都希望看到这个项目尽快实施，而且董事会也几乎一致支持。
W: Go on then, let's stop there and meet up again same time tomorrow.
    那就这样吧，今天停在这里，明天同一时间再见面。
Q5. Why does the man suggest they call it a day?
    为什么这个男人建议他们今天就到此为止？
Q6. What does the woman say is a little tough?
    这个女人说什么是有点辛苦的？
Q7. What does the man say the woman must be in thinking they'll finish by next week?
    这个男人说这个女人在想下周能做完时一定是在想什么？
Q8. What does the entire managerial hierarchy want to see according to the woman?
    根据这个女人的说法，整个管理层想要看到什么？

═══ PASSAGE 1 ═══

One thing I've learned in a quarter-century of management is that there are ample gray areas in human behavior, and that there may not always be clear right-or-wrong solutions to employee disputes.
    在四分之一个世纪的管理生涯中，我学到的一件事是，人类行为中存在大量的灰色地带，员工争议可能并不总是有明确的对错解决方案。
When two people have different versions of the same event, it can be hard to know whom to believe.
    当两个人对同一事件有不同的说法时，很难知道该相信谁。
One such circumstance always comes back to me.
    这种情况总会浮现在我的脑海中。
It happened years ago, and it's a measure of the forgettable nature of the conflict that I no longer even recall what the dispute was about, but I definitely recall the resolution.
    它发生在很多年前，衡量这场冲突被遗忘程度的一个标准是，我甚至不再记得争议是关于什么的，但我肯定记得解决方案。
Two talented young executives, one of whom I was managing, had vastly different accounts of the same event, and it seemed likely we'd never get to the truth.
    两位才华横溢的年轻高管，其中一位由我管理，他们对同一事件的描述大相径庭，看起来我们似乎永远无法查明真相。
We reached the deadlock, and the manager of the other individual said, "Here's something I learned from an excellent manager I once worked for.
    我们陷入了僵局，另一位个人的经理说：“这是我从曾经工作过的一位优秀经理那里学到的一点。
He used to say, 'When in doubt, assume positive intent.'
    他常说，‘有疑问时，假设动机是好的。’
" And just like that, we had a path forward.
    “就这样，我们有了前进的方向。
My counterpart and I agreed we might never ascertain the actual facts of the matter; quite likely there were elements of truth in both employees' stories.
    我和我的同事都同意，我们可能永远无法确定事情的实际真相；很可能两位员工的故事中都有真实的成分。
We agreed to monitor their actions and relationship going forward, but to intervene no further.
    我们同意在此后监测他们的行为和关系，但不再进一步干预。
We assumed the best about both of them and moved on.
    我们对他们两个人都做了最好的假设，然后继续前进。
The result was that we were able to put the conflict behind us.
    结果是，我们能够把冲突抛在脑后。
In fact, their problems didn't recur.
    事实上，他们的问题没有再发生。
Over the years, this general approach has proved useful.
    多年来，这种通用方法已被证明很有用。
Whenever the truth is obscure, assuming positive intent and agreeing to move on can be a constructive decision.
    每当真相不明时，假设动机良好并同意继续前进可能是一个建设性的决定。
Q9. When can it be hard to know whom to believe?
    什么时候很难知道该相信谁？
Q10. What does the speaker definitely recall about the dispute mentioned as an example?
    关于作为例子提到的那场争议，说话者肯定记得什么？
Q11. What did the speaker and his counterpart do when the two employees gave different accounts of the same event?
    当两名员工对同一事件给出不同的描述时，说话者和他的同事是怎么做的？

═══ PASSAGE 2 ═══

For some Americans, going out to dinner is a treat, planned and budgeted for.
    对于一些美国人来说，出去吃晚饭是一种享受，是经过计划和预算的。
For others, it's just a daily occurrence.
    对于其他人来说，这只是家常便饭。
And that second group of people is becoming the majority as the number of Americans who enjoy cooking is declining.
    随着享受烹饪的美国人数量正在下降，第二组人正在成为大多数。
In the early 2000s, researcher Eddie Yoon conducted a survey to ascertain Americans' attitudes to cooking.
    在21世纪初，研究员艾迪·尹进行了一项调查，以确定美国人对烹饪的态度。
The survey found that 15% of Americans loved to cook, 50% said they hated to cook and 35% reported mixed feelings.
    调查发现，15%的美国人喜欢烹饪，50%的人说他们讨厌烹饪，35%的人报告说心情矛盾。
When Yoon conducted the same survey 15 years later, only 10% of respondents reported a love of cooking, 45% said they hated it and 45% had mixed feelings.
    当尹在15年后进行同样的调查时，只有10%的受访者表示热爱烹饪，45%的人说他们讨厌烹饪，45%的人心情矛盾。
Yoon asserts cooking is akin to sewing.
    尹断言烹饪类似于缝纫。
As recently as the early 20th century, many Americans sewed their own clothing.
    就在20世纪初，许多美国人还自己缝制衣服。
Today, the vast majority of Americans buy clothing; only a tiny minority still sew, and they do it mainly as a hobby.
    今天，绝大多数美国人购买衣服；只有极少数人仍然在缝纫，而且他们主要是将其作为一种爱好。
Yoon believes the number of home cooks will diminish in a similar fashion.
    尹相信家庭厨师的数量将以类似的方式减少。
Currently, the average American household spends over $3,000 per year on dining out.
    目前，平均每个美国大家庭每年在外面吃饭的花费超过3000美元。
However, what people save in convenience, they lose in cash.
    然而，人们在便利上节省下来的，在现金上却损失了。
Take buying lunch on workdays for example.
    以工作日买午餐为例。
People spend, on average, $10 per meal when they buy lunch.
    人们买午餐时平均每顿饭花费10美元。
Making your own lunch, meanwhile, will cost less.
    与此同时，自己做午餐花费更少。
One survey found people only spend on average $6.
    一项调查发现，人们平均只花费6美元。
30 when they bring lunch prepared at home.
    30当他们带在家里准备的午餐时。
Americans' growing aversion to spending time in the kitchen signifies a host of challenges for the grocery industry.
    美国人越来越厌恶在厨房花时间，这标志着杂货业面临的一系列挑战。
It's likely to detrimentally impact family finances as well.
    这也可能对家庭财务产生不利影响。
Q12. What do an increasing number of Americans do according to the passage?
    根据文章，越来越多的美国人在做什么？
Q13. What does Eddie Yoon think cooking is akin to?
    艾迪·尹认为烹饪类似于什么？
Q14. What will Americans be able to do by making their own lunch?
    通过自己做午餐，美国人将能够做什么？
Q15. What does the passage say signifies a host of challenges for America's grocery industry?
    文章说什么是美国杂货业面临一系列挑战的标志？

═══ RECORDING 1 ═══

Every year, of the more than 2.
    每年，在超过2.
5 billion bags checked onto flights worldwide, 26 million go missing — and of that 26 million, 1 million never make it back to their original owner.
    在全球范围内办理登机手续的50亿个托运袋子中，有2600万个失踪——在这2600万个中，有100万个再也没有回到原来的主人手中。
Bad weather and flight delays, miscoded destination tags and some people simply forgetting to pick up one of their bags are a few of the reasons.
    恶劣的天气和航班延误、目的地标签代码错误以及有些人仅仅是忘记取走其中一个袋子，这些都是其中的一些原因。
But the number-one reason a bag ends up lost is that it has no ID tag, and airlines don't know to whom it belongs.
    但是，一个袋子最终丢失的首要原因是它没有身份标签，航空公司不知道它属于谁。
Transferring baggage from check-in to departure gates to arrival gates to baggage claim is a delicate piece of timing.
    将行李从值机柜台转移到登机口、到达口、再到行李领取处，是一个精密的时间控制过程。
If the system moves too slowly, the bags won't make connecting flights.
    如果系统移动太慢，袋子就赶不上转机航班。
If it's too fast, the bags may make the connection but the passengers might miss the flight.
    如果太快，袋子可能赶上了转机，但乘客可能错过了航班。
Each airport has its own way of allotting how much time a bag needs to move in transit.
    每个机场都有自己分配行李在中转过程中移动所需时间的方式。
Some airports have sophisticated automated systems, including scanners that read baggage labels, destination-coded vehicles that load and unload the bags without stopping, and sorting machines that route baggage to the appropriate gate.
    一些机场拥有先进的自动化系统，包括读取行李标签的扫描仪、无需停留即可装卸袋子的带有目的地代码的车辆，以及将行李运送到相应登机口的分类机。
Even so, all that technology may not save your baggage tag from being torn off on the conveyor belt, making you the owner of a bag with no name.
    即便如此，所有这些技术也可能无法挽救你的行李标签不被传送带撕掉，让你成为一个没有名字的袋子的主人。
Once a bag goes missing and the passenger files a claim, the bag is declared "mishandled" by the carrier.
    一旦袋子失踪且乘客提出索赔，承运商就会宣布该袋子为“处理不当”。
Mishandled refers to bags that have been delayed, lost, stolen or damaged.
    处理不当是指延迟、丢失、被盗或损坏的袋子。
Most delayed bags are only one flight behind their owners and can be delivered within 24 hours.
    大多数延迟的袋子只比它们的主人晚一个航班，可以在24小时内送达。
The other bags are examined by airline employees for clues to their ownership and destination.
    其他的袋子则由航空公司员工检查，以寻找关于其归属和目的地的线索。
If the mystery is solved, those bags are returned to their owners within four or five days.
    如果谜团解开，这些袋子会在四五天内归还给主人。
Bags with no destination code or identification tag are shipped to a central warehouse, and undergo a comprehensive baggage tracing process over the next 90 days.
    没有目的地代码或识别标签的袋子被运往中央仓库，并在接下来的90天内接受全面的行李追踪程序。
Airlines inventory their mishandled baggage, and many use a database to match the contents with owners' descriptions.
    航空公司对处理不当的行李进行清点，许多航空公司使用数据库将内容物与主人的描述进行比对。
It takes about three months to go from "missing in action" to "irretrievably lost".
    从“下落不明”到“无法找回的丢失”大约需要三个月的时间。
Once that happens, the bags are donated to charity, sold at auction, or purchased by a company which sells them to the public.
    一旦发生这种情况，这些袋子会被捐赠给慈善机构、在拍卖会上出售，或由一家公司购买后卖给公众。
So never pack anything of real value in your checked baggage.
    所以，永远不要在托运的行李中装入任何真正有价值的东西。
And make sure your name is on the bag, along with your phone number, so an agent can contact you.
    并确保你的名字在袋子上，还有你的电话号码，这样工作人员就能联系到你。
Q16. What is the number-one reason a bag ends up lost according to this talk?
    根据这个谈话，一个袋子最终丢失的首要原因是什么？
Q17. What may happen to your baggage even when there are sophisticated automated systems?
    即使有先进的自动化系统，你的行李也可能发生什么？
Q18. What does the speaker advise us to do at the end of the talk?
    在谈话结束时，说话者建议我们做什么？

═══ RECORDING 2 ═══

You've probably been with someone who ignored you while interacting with his or her smartphone.
    你可能曾和某人在一起，而他或她在摆弄智能手机时忽略了你。
And you've probably engaged in this behavior yourself.
    你可能自己也做过这种行为。
In a recent survey, nine out of ten respondents said they'd used their smartphone during their most recent social activity.
    在最近的一项调查中，十分之九的受访者表示他们在最近的一次社交活动中使用过智能手机。
There's also evidence that this behavior is socially harmful.
    还有证据表明这种行为在社交上是有害的。
It can leave people less satisfied with their face-to-face interactions.
    它会让人对面对面的互动感到不那么满意。
And it can generate feelings of resentment and jealousy.
    它还会产生怨恨和嫉妒的感觉。
Now, the Journal of Applied Social Psychology has published a new study exploring the reasons for these effects.
    现在，《应用社会心理学杂志》发表了一项探索这些影响原因的新研究。
The study included 128 mostly female student participants.
    这项研究包括了128名主要是女学生的参与者。
The participants watched a three-minute animation in which two cartoon figures interacted and engaged in a conversation.
    参与者观看了一段三分钟的动画，其中两个卡通人物互动并进行交谈。
The conversation couldn't be heard but could be detected through mouth movements.
    对话听不见，但可以通过嘴部的动作察觉到。
Participants had to imagine themselves as the closest figure in the video and then make judgments about the conversations and how they felt about their conversation partners.
    参与者必须把自己想象成视频中最近的人物，然后对对话做出判断，以及他们对对话伙伴的感觉。
In one version of the experiment, the phone of the participants' conversation partner remained unused on the table throughout the conversation.
    在实验的一个版本中，参与者的对话伙伴的手机在整个对话过程中一直放在桌子上没动。
In another version, their partner's attention was quickly drawn to something on their phone and they spent the rest of the time interacting with their phone.
    在另一个版本中，他们伙伴的注意力很快被手机上的东西吸引，他们在剩下的时间里都在摆弄手机。
A third version involved the participants' partner alternating between periods of interaction with their phone and periods where they ignored their phone.
    第三个版本涉及参与者的伙伴在摆弄手机的时间段和忽略手机的时间段之间交替。
If you've experienced a similar situation, you probably won't be surprised by the results of the experiments.
    如果你经历过类似的情况，你可能不会对实验结果感到惊讶。
The participants had a negative view of phone use during social interactions.
    参与者对社交互动期间使用手机持否定态度。
The more it was present, the worse they considered both the quality of the interaction and the quality of the relationship.
    它出现的次数越多，他们认为互动的质量和关系的质量就越差。
The researchers believed that focusing on one's phone instead of the person one is with has this effect because it's seen as a form of social exclusion.
    研究人员认为，专注于自己的手机而不是陪伴的人之所以会产生这种影响，是因为这被视为一种社交排斥的形式。
They assert that the behavior is analogous to when people have no choice but to eat alone in the school cafeteria.
    他们断言，这种行为类似于人们别无选择只能在学校食堂独自吃饭的情况。
The twist is that this exclusion occurs while sharing a physical encounter and having a conversation.
    出人意料的是，这种排斥发生正在身体接触和交谈的过程中。
Researchers found that the behavior had adverse effects on participants' sense of belonging, need for meaning and self-esteem.
    研究人员发现，这种行为对参与者的归属感、对意义的需求和自尊心产生了不利影响。
These negative effects are similar to those caused by traditional forms of social exclusion.
    这些负面影响类似于传统形式的社交排斥所造成的影响。
The new findings are important because they elaborate our understanding of a subtle but common aspect of our daily experience.
    新发现很重要，因为它们详尽阐述了我们对日常体验中一个微妙但常见的方面的理解。
This common behavior can create vicious cycles of detachment even as we try to connect with others.
    即使在努力与他人建立联系时，这种常见的行为也会造成疏离的恶性循环。
Q19. What does the speaker say about using one's smartphone during a face-to-face conversation?
    说话者关于在面对面交谈中使用智能手机说了什么？
Q20. How did the participants in the new study respond regarding phone use during social interactions?
    这项新研究的参与者对社交互动期间使用手机是如何反应的？
Q21. What does the speaker say can result from the common behavior of using phones during face-to-face conversations?
    说话者说在面对面交谈中使用手机这种常见行为会导致什么结果？

═══ RECORDING 3 ═══

More and more people travel for a variety of reasons.
    越来越多的人出于各种原因旅行。
Many are tourists, but many venture forth on personal or professional business.
    许多人是游客，但许多人是为了个人或职业事务而外出冒险。
Whatever the reason for traveling, a common complaint of travelers is the impersonal accommodations they find.
    无论旅行的原因是什么，旅行者一个共同的抱怨是他们发现的冷冰冰的住宿。
After spending five consecutive nights in five similar hotels, the business traveler may find it difficult to remember what happened from day to day, or even what towns were visited, and the tourist may get the mistaken impression that all cities are pretty much the same, at least as far as decoration, food and service are concerned.
    在五家类似的酒店连续住了五个晚上后，商务旅行者可能会发现很难记住每天发生了什么，甚至很难记住访问过哪些城镇，而游客可能会产生一种错误的印象，认为所有的城市都差不多，至少在装饰、食物和服务方面是这样。
To combat this sense of impersonal sameness, travelers are taking advantage of in-home hospitality or Bed and Breakfast arrangements.
    为了消除这种冷冰冰的雷同感，旅行者正在利用居家款待或民宿（B&B）安排。
B&Bs, I mean, Bed and Breakfast arrangements are private homes which offer lodging and breakfast in a very personalized, friendly setting.
    B&Bs，我的意思是民宿安排，是提供住宿和早餐的私人住宅，环境非常个性化、友好。
For decades, B&Bs have been the classic way to visit Europe, especially the British Isles.
    几十年来，民宿一直是访问欧洲的经典方式，尤其是英伦三岛。
And in fact, they are not really a new idea in America.
    事实上，这在美国并不是什么新想法。
The tradition dates back to colonial times when inns were few and far between, and the weary traveler had to depend on the kindness of strangers for a meal and a bed.
    这一传统可以追溯到殖民时代，当时客栈很少且相隔甚远，疲惫的旅行者不得不依靠陌生人的善意来获得一顿饭和一张床。
But the revival of B&Bs as desirable accommodations is a fairly recent phenomenon.
    但民宿作为理想住宿的复兴是相当近期的现象。
If the idea of operating a B&B arouses your interest, there are several factors to consider before plunging into this business.
    如果经营民宿的想法引起了你的兴趣，在投入这项业务之前有几个因素需要考虑。
The first consideration is your property, not only the building itself, but the location.
    首先要考虑的是你的房产，不仅是建筑本身，还有位置。
If you live near a famous historical site or in a popular destination, such as New York City or Washington, D.C., your home can be fairly simple, yet still do well as a B&B.
    如果你住在著名的历史遗迹附近或热门目的地，如纽约市或华盛顿特区，你的家可以相当简单，但作为民宿仍然可以经营得很好。
On the other hand, if your home is architecturally unique or has facilities for the traveler, such as a private entrance, private bath or swimming pool, people may be willing to go some distance to reach you.
    另一方面，如果你的家在建筑上很独特，或者有为旅行者提供的设施，如私人入口、私人浴室或游泳池，人们可能愿意走一段路去找你。
Another important factor is the lifestyle of you and your family.
    另一个重要因素是你和家人的生活方式。
You must take into account whether all members of the family truly enjoy visitors, want to repeatedly discuss local sites and activities, and have the time and energy to handle the additional cooking, cleaning, laundry and the bookkeeping involved.
    你必须考虑到所有的家庭成员是否真的喜欢访客，是否愿意反复讨论当地的景点和活动，是否有时间和精力来处理额外的烹饪、打扫、洗衣服和涉及的记账工作。
The final consideration is a financial one, potential B&B hosts must be realistic about opportunities for income.
    最后要考虑的是财务方面的，潜在的民宿主人必须对收入机会持现实态度。
While B&Bs usually have low initial costs, experts estimate it would take at least five rooms rented regularly for the host to earn a living from B&B.
    虽然民宿的初始成本通常较低，但专家估计，主人至少需要定期租出五间房才能以经营民宿为生。
Q22. What does the speaker say travelers commonly complain about?
    说话者说旅行者通常抱怨什么？
Q23. What is said about Bed and Breakfast arrangements?
    关于民宿安排是怎么说的？
Q24. What is the first thing you have to consider if you want to start a B&B business?
    如果你想开始民宿生意，你首先要考虑的是什么？
Q25. What does the speaker say potential B&B hosts must be realistic about?
    说话者说潜在的民宿主人必须对什么持现实态度？
